Are you Scrabble? Because I would love to look at you all day long to come up with clever pick up lines.
Babe I am an open tile with you, I will never hide letters from you.
Babe, there's no I in our team. But I will make sure that you will get a lot of MEAT.
Babe, you are the missing letter tile that I have been waiting for all night.
Baby, can I rearrange your letters?
Did you take my Scrabble tiles? Because babe I am at a loss for words for you.
Do you have the D tile? I have the O, perhaps we just have to make do.
Do you know how to play Scrabble? Because I would like to share some little messages with you.
Girl you must be good at Scrabble, because I see points in everything you say.
Girl you play Scrabble? I will put the S in your Ex.
Girl, are you the blank tile? Because I want to keep you and use you however I like.
Girl, I got a hard body part PENSI for you tonight, and it isn't SPINE.
Girl, I want to put my hard tiles on your rack.
Girl, these Scrabble tiles are not the only things hard for you tonight.
I don't want to just score the most points, I want to win your heart.
I have a Q, and all I need is U for the win.
I want to eat more than just words tonight.
Love is overrated, it's only 5 points.
One night of Scrabble with me, and you will totally lose your words.
Scrabble and sex tonight?
Talking to you is like playing Scrabble, I have to form words while staring at your rack.
The only game of Scrabble that I want to play is to spell your name.
The only tile that I want is U tonight.
The Scrabble tiles isn't the only thing that I want to put in your rack tonight.
Want a game of Scrabble?
We got too many letters between U and I.
Without you playing Scrabble with me tonight, all my tiles spell disaster.
You want to win at Scrabble? Try getting some jizz on your board for 29 points.
Your name is only worth so many points in Scrabble, but really you are definitely a 10 in my rule book.
Are you a grandmaster? Because you know all my moves.
Are you a pawn on the 7th rank? Because you are about to come as a queen.
Are you a rook? Because my king wants to castle next to you.
Are you Sicilian? Because you have flexible opening.
Are you the queen? Because for the whole night I have been trying to take you down.
Are you up for us to exchange some pieces?
Babe you play chess? Let's have a fun knight together.
Babe, accept my gambit and we will have some fun variations tonight.
Babe, although I can multi chess, I prefer you as my only one.
Babe, I am waiting for your next move.
Babe, I want to trap you in that little square.
Babe, I will forever be your white knight.
Babe, I'll be your knight if you can be my queen.
Babe, want to play chess?
Be careful babe, you are about to get mated.
Bet I can mate you in 10 moves or less.
D4 is never a bad way to open up a relationship.
Do you play blitz chess? I promise I'd last more than 5 minutes.
Do you want to make love on the queenside or kingside?
Do you want to move into my castle or my castle to take your queen?
E4 or E5, babe I am down for anything.
E4, I just made the first move. Your turn.
Get your queen ready because my knight is about to fork you.
Girl, I am the knight in shining armor who will give you a smothered mate.
Girl, I am your pawn under the right circumstances.
Girl, I cannot help but to push you back with my pawn.
Girl, I got my rook in my pants when I see you.
Girl, you accelerated my dragon.
Girl, you got a beautiful set, and I am not talking about chess.
Give me 3 more moves and I will make you feel like a queen.
Have you ever been back-rank mate with a rook before?
How about I castle the queen tonight?
How do you like to proceed with this opening?
I am an open board for you.
I am the king babe because you can't play without me.
I am the rook and you are the bishop, together we are as strong as the queen.
I could study your openings all day long.
I play chess, I know how to mate efficiently. Want to try?
I prefer my women to be positional player rather than material.
I see a hole in your defense, ready for my rook penetration?
I want to thrust my rook into your territory and take your pieces.
I will give up any gambit just to be with you.
I will let you play with my little pawn all night until it becomes the knight you are looking for.
I will smother you with my love until we mate.
I would love to mate you.
I would put my rook in your open file any time.
If my king is hanging, would you eat it?
If you are my queen, I will never sacrifice you for anything.
If you liked my opening, just see I handle the end game.
I'll be your bishop and fianchetto you from the side.
I'll check you then mate you.
I'll make you my queen if you can give me a few moves.
Is your king under attack? Because I have been checking you out.
My chess set is still missing a queen until I found you.
My favorite square on the chess board are the G-spots.
My life had been a missing chess set, you are the missing queen that I have been looking all my life.
My rook is hard and straight for you.
Ready to have my horsey take your castle?
Remove that little pawn and I will go straight into your open file.
The knight is still young, let's continue the game at my place.
The only blunder I have ever made is not opening up with you earlier.
This is a knight to remember.
Want to go to my place and see how many times we can mate each other?
Want to see how strong my knights are?
We don't need a chess clock baby, I'll give you all the time in the world to make your move.
Will you hold it against it me if I promote my pawn at the back of your board?
Would you hold it against me if I pinned your chess piece?
You are so hot, you just made my rook jump off the board.
You ever play in tournaments? Because I want to write down your every move.
You got damaged pawn structure? Because my rook want to penetrate that.
You into chess? Want to study some classic mating positions with me?
You might be a pawn to someone else, but you will always be my queen.
You play chess? What is your favorite opening?
Your bed or mine? I want to play chess with you on the bed all night.
Your mind says check, but your body is saying mate.
An alchemist? If we mixed together, would we go bang?
Are there lots of Mimics around here? Because that chest looks too good to be true.
Are you a barbarian? 'Cuz your style is all the rage.
Are you a bard? Because you're plucking at my heartstrings like a lute.
Are you a bard? 'cuz you got a solid 20 in Charisma
Are you a bard? 'Cuz you're plucking at my heartstrings.
Are you a bard? You've just inspired my pants.
Are you a Beholder? 'Cause I'd like to be-holdin' that ass you fine momma.
Are you a cleric, cause your beauty is divine.
Are you a cleric? 'Cuz you make me feel healed.
Are you a fighter? 'Cuz I never wanna (c)leave your side.
Are you a medusa? 'Cuz you're making me hard.
Are you a Mimic? Because I'm pretty sure that chest is fake.
Are you a monk? Because you look stunning.
Are you a Ranger? It's the only way you could Hide in Plain Sight
Are you a rebel drow house? 'Cuz you're causing a stir in my underdark...
Are you a rogue? Because you just stole my heart.
Are you a rogue? Because you've stolen my heart.
Are you a sorcerer? 'Cuz a face that pretty must be innate, not learned.
Are you a succubus? 'Cuz I wanna fuck you.
Are you a wildmage? Because you've caused chaos in my mind?
Are you a wizard? 'Cuz you cast a spell on me.
Are you also a wizard? Cause when I look at you everything else disappears"
Are you an enchanter? Because I feel like you've cast Charm Person on me.
Are you humanoid? Because that is my type.
Are you looking for a bag of holding? 'Cuz I've got a bag you can hold...
Are you one of those fiery Dragonborn, because it's getting hot in here.
Are you part gelatinous cube? Because black pudding don't jiggle like that!
Are you the goddess Sune? Cuz you are Sune to be mine.
Babe, let me put on my robe and wizard hat.
Babe, you can be my Dungeon Master any night.
Baby, you are so stunning when I first saw you I had to make a saving throw.
Baby, you make my alignment spin!
Baby, you must be a Medusa, 'cause when you give me that look you make me hard as stone!
Can I make a save vs. awestruck?
Can I make a save vs. boner?
Casts detect magic I can't believe it, there's no illusion. You really are that beautiful
Casts detect magic 'I can't believe it, there's no illusion. You really are that beautiful'
Changeling: 'You should see what else I can change the size of...'
Damn baby, I must be a Displacer Beast because I will be beside myself if you don't come home with me tonight.
Damn girl are those natural?
Did it hurt when you got sucked through that portal out of the Celestial Plane?
Did someone just cast Phantasmal Killer on me? Because you are drop-dead gorgeous.
Did you fall through a portal from Mount Celestia, because you look like an angel.
Did you roll a 20? 'Cuz you crit my heart
Do you have a minute? 'Cuz I'd like to Identify what makes you tick.
Do you have proficiency in thieves' tools? Because you just stole my heart..
Do you have the [Extraplanar] subtype? Because you're out of this world.
Do you know the spell dream by any chance? As I'm sure I saw you last night.
Do you want to hire my adventurer to explore your dungeon.
Don't worry, it'll be over in a blink.
Don't worry, I've got protection aura.
Ever been with a rogue? We like to do it from behind.
Ever kissed a flameskull?
Excuse me, did you just roll a natural twenty for diplomacy? Because you're definitely influencing my attitude.
Feeling wild, baby? That's okay. I have a lot of ranks in Handle Animal.
Get ready to make a constitution check.
Girl you must be a daily because I'm raging right now.
Girl you must of rolled a crit on DAMN
Girl, are those Paladin Pants? Because you're looking lawful good in 'em.
Girl, I must be a paladin because I wanna lay my hands on you.
Girl, your booty is so fine, its stats must be from one of the game's epic-level splatbooks instead of the core rulebooks.
Gorag want you. Gorag use you for hit dice and damage dice with big, big axe!
Got any implements?
Half-elf: 'Wanna peek at my other half?'
Halflings make the best dinner love, wink the best breakfast too.
Half-off on a roll of 5? They must have some crazy charisma.
Half-orc: 'I'm a human on the streets, but I'm all orc between the sheets!'
Hey babe, I just want you to know I have Exotic Proficiency.. with whips. Grrraarrrl...
Hey babe, want to find out why they call it the Rod of Wonder?
Hey babe. Are you an eldarin? Cause I bet you’d be feywild in bed.
Hey babe. I must have failed my Will save because you just Charmed me.
Hey baby, even been with a rogue? We're in and out before you even notice.
Hey baby, I got +10 in endurance.
Hey baby, wanna give my cockatrice?
Hey baby, wanna see my wild shape?
Hey baby, wanna tune my mandolin??
Hey girl, do you want to touch my Rod of Wonder?
Hey girl, uses mage hand I've got magic fingers...
Hey gorgeous, are you a vampire? Because I'd create a Spawn with you any day.
Hey gorgeous, can I find out if Eagle's Splendor wears out in the morning?
Hey honey, do you like a neck rubs? My Lay on Hands is Divine!
Hey, Are you an Evil Halfling? 'Cause I feel like I want to make you my Bad Hobbit.
Hey, babe, wanna go get prone?
How much does a polar (owl)bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I can Cure Disease....
I can do more than Stone Shape to make the bedrock.
I can't control the rain, but you can expect a few inches tonight"
I didn't find you a pearl of speech but I have another pearl you can put in your mouth.
I didn't take Improved Initiative, so you'll probably come first
I don’t care if you’re a fallen aasimar, as long as you’re fallen into my bed.
I give the best back massages. All I do is lay my hands on.
I got them Goodberries
I have a spear for your portable hole.
I hope you're a druid, 'cuz this animal wants to be...handled.
I hope you're a Lawful Good Paladin, because I wanna try getting anal.
I hope you're not a monk, since I'm tired of hands.
I know my description says 'outsider' but I'd rather be 'insider' if you know what I mean.
I know my way around Grease and Color Sprays, if you're up for it.
I may be a(n) X, but I'm a barbarian in bed.
I may have to make a fortitude save against suffocation, because you're absolutely breathtaking.
I may not be a necromancer but I know how to make things rise.
I may not be a wizard, but I’m still looking for a new staff.
I may not be a wizard, but I’ve got the magic fingers.
I may only be half Genie but I can still make all your wishes come true.
I play a bard. Knowing how to use my tongue is a requirement!
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
I put the romance in necromancy.
I rolled a 5 on my Diplomacy check to haggle with the hotel manager. We get half-off, but we have to share.
I swear, I'm an animal in bed.
I think I might be a Paladin. Mind if I Lay On Hands to check?
I think your beauty just flanked me, 'cause I sure feel flat-footed.
I took great cleave, so feel free to bring a friend. 😉
I was the inspiration for Bigby's Fist.
I wish I was an Elf, because I doubt I'll be able to sleep after seeing your smile.
I wouldn't mind if you used Hold Person on me.
I’m a renowned wizard, but I’ve never seen anything as magical as your smile.
I'd sell my soul to a fiend to get a little familiar with you.
I'd travel to the bottom of the 9 Hells and back to see your pure white smile like the Reghed Glacier.
if I polymorphed us both into squirrels could I bust a nut in your hole?"
If we get together I'll give you a shocking grasp all night long
If we go into the other room, I got a magic mouth
If you show me your THAC0, I'll show you mine.
If you're feeling restless, I can do some rope tricks
If you're into it, I'm a bit of a dominate person
I'll show you the one time where Endurance isn't useless.
I'm a sex wizard, with 69th level sex magic
I'm a Sorcerer, you're a summoner. Together we are one magic item.
I'm glad I'm not undead, cuz baby you've got a Divine Touch.
I'm really glad I had this ring of feather falling. As I looked into your eyes and fell hard.
Is that a familiar in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is that an Immovable Rod in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is that some loot in your pocket or are you just happy to see me
It might feel like I've charmed you, but it's really all natural
It's a good thing I have a ring of fire resistance because you are HOT!
Let me be your companion tonight and I'll show you my bestial fury.
Lets be like druids and get wild.
My charisma gives me a +1 bonus to hit on you
My greatsword is too big for my belt. Mind if I stick in your bag of holding?
My quivering palm is for the kill zones and thrill zones.
My will isn't the only thing iron.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a natural 20.
Paladin, huh? I didn’t hear chastity among those oaths you took.
Reroll that. 0D0+0.
Rrrr, honey. Think you can master this beast?
So you're a divination wizard? Tell me, is our wedding going to be in the summer or fall?
So you're a divination wizard? Tell me, is our wedding going to be in the summer or fall?
Someone like you is worth taking 20 on.
Sorry it took me so long to get over here but you knocked me prone when you walked in the room.
Sweetheart, let's make ourselves a quarterling.
That bartender took my ritual scroll, whaddya say you go get it back so I can conjure up my floating disc and we can get on out of here?
The bedroom is my favored terrain.
The chest might be booby-trapped!
This level 3 Wizard has only one spell in his book - Tongues.
Turns out my bed was a mimic, can I sleep in yours? I wanna hit that, critically.
Wanna find out how compatible our alignments are?
Wanna help me conjure a new life form?
Wanna roll a natural 20 on your pleasure check tonight?
Wanna see what a +5 charisma has under the hood?
Wanna wield a broadsword?
Want a +3 Rod of Pleasure?
Want to go someplace quieter, or should I wait an hour and reroll my diplomacy?
Want to see how many charges my wand has?
Warforged: 'I was made to be fully functional in multiple techniques. I also have add-ons for a broad variety of pleasuring.'
Was your father a cleric? Cause you sure are a blessing"
Well, SOMEONE rolled high during creation.
Whaddaya say, my dragon and your dungeon? Eh?
What do elves, drow, dwarfs, halflings, humans, dragonborn, tieflings, orcs, goblins and small woodland creatures have in common? They can all vouch for me.
What do you, 20, 12, 10, 8, 6 and 4 have in common? They all need some D
What's it like to be max level? Because you are perfect.
What's your AC when you're not wearing anything?
What's your AC? Because I want to hit that.
Why don't you let me hit that and do double damage?
With that face, you must have +10 Charisma.
Wow, you totally just Crit'd your Charisma check, you're gorgeous!
Y'know, wizards are great at turning flesh to stone
You can be my dungeon master any time you want.
You cast a spell on me baby, and I failed dat save.
You don't even have charisma check proficiency but you already charmed me.
You got a radius I'd like to Grease tonight.
You gotta be part Medusa, because you're making part of me rock hard.
You haven't tried it till you've tried it with a mage hand
You know, my unarmed crit range is 10-20.
You know, you'll need a Strength of at least 13 to handle my Greatstaff.
You must be a Beholder, because I can see beauty in your eyes.
You must be a paladin because you are divine and i am smitten.
You must be divine because I'm taking radiant damage just standing here.
You must be part Medusa, because part of me is turning to stone.
You must have a low AC because I can hit that!
You must have cast Ray of Enfeeblement on me, because you're making my knees weak.
You must play D&D because that is some Great Cleave.
You rolled a 20 on your charisma check
Your perception check is successful, you've found a dashing rogue.
you're so fine, I'm taking -2 to attack rolls.
You've grappled my heart.
Are you a monopoly property? Because I want to own whole sets of you.
Babe, are you intereted to play Monopoly? You definite should give me a Go.
Babe, I’m a natural monopoly. I’m big enough to supply your entire market.
Babe, when we play Monopoly tonight. You could blow yourself out of Jail anytime.
Baby, Monopoly isn't the only game that we will play all night long tonight.
Did you know I was a monopoly board? Because you and your friends could land on me all night long?
Do you play Monopoly? Because you just owned every set of my heart and soul.
Girl I got the money to treat you right tonight, and it definitely isn't Monopoly money.
Girl you could cheat all you want with me, as long as it's Monopoly.
Girl, I need a Get Out of Jail card tonight, because your beauty will send me straight to Jail.
Girl, the Community Chest isn't the only chest I am grabbing tonight.
Girl, you ever play Monopoly? You should take a Chance with me.
Have you seen my missing Monopoly real estate card? Because I have a property saved for you tonight.
Hey girl, are you the hotel in monopoly? Cause I had to cheat and lie to get you.
How much would it cost to own all of you in monopoly?
I am like the Go on a Monopoly board, you will just keep on coming to get more.
If I had the monopoly on you, everyone would want to send me to jail.
If life's a Monopoly game, I'd rather never Pass Go and go straight to your heart.
If you land in Jail tonight during monopoly, would you be open for some conjugal visit.
No way you will lose Monopoly with me tonight, I will trade you $20 for kisses and $100 for more fun.
So, what property does it take to trade for your love?
Babe why don't you come home with me and rock my boards.
Babe you can go up and down this chute however you like.
Babe, no need to toss the dice, we could do it now.
Babe, seeing you naked is like going to Candyland.
Babe, want to try my board game? You be the board and I'll make all the moves.
Babe, you are the missing piece to my puzzle.
Babe, you so fine I am going to keep hitting with my battleship until I hit your spot.
Baby you so fine, I wanna lay you in a field.
Be my queen.
Cards against humanity? I want to start small with just my tongue against the most beautiful woman tonight.
Castle me and I'll crown you.
Cheers!
Did you just roll for a win? Because you stole my heart.
Do you feel like taking a Risk? Let's do it without protection tonight.
Do you feel lucky tonight?
Do you want to use Codenames? You can call me daddy.
Fancy for a game of Dixit. My dick, your pussy's it.
Girl are you a board game? Because I would play you all night long.
Girl I can do it anyways you like, horizontal or vertical. Much like connect four.
Girl you so fine I would love to add you to my collections.
Girl, I am ready for some private game for you anytime.
Girl, you got some award winning pieces.
Hey babe, do you want to kickstart a date with me?
Hey baby, I will Terraform your land if you let me come in.
Hey baby, I've got condoms for the night. We will win at Pandemic this time.
Hey girl, are you a battleship? Because I want to fire my torpedo into your citadel.
How about we go into the bedroom and play some Dominion.
I am gonna do you soft like a Jenga tower.
I can't help but notice your Great Western Tail.
I hope you like Diplomacy, because I am about to invade unexpectedly from the rear.
I see you have a ladder, but how does a snake fit in you?
I think I have seen you before, aren't you one of the 7 Wonders?
I was the seer and I saw you and me together tonight.
I'd like to play with your forbidden land.
I'll trade my dick for your pussy.
Instead of Exploding Kittens, let's explode your pussy.
Instead of playing the Game of Life, let's play the game of making life.
Is your name trivial? Because I am in pursuit of you.
It's your turn to move!
I've got a wood for your pair of sheep and wool.
Let me be your downfall.
Let's create civilization, one unit at a time tonight.
Let's get it on like Settlers of Catan.
Let's have some fun tonight, we might even end up using Plan B.
Let's play Family Feud, name something that turns you on.
Let's start Apples to Apples. My penis to your pussy?
Let's take this up to the next level.
Operations? How about I operate on that hot body of yours.
Ready for a round of twister? Naked.
So how much would it cost to own all of you in monopoly?
Sorry! It was just the tip.
Spend a night with me, you will scream Yahtzee without the dice.
That's what she said.
They should call the game wonders and put your picture on the box.
This board game isn't the only thing that I want to move my character all over.
This stud does not need instructions to know to have a good time.
To do everything I want with you, I need more than 5 seconds.
Uno, uno, uno. Oh yes.
Wanna see my little people?
Wanna see my little scythe?
Want to play Charades? Promise you won't guess until I finish the act.
Watch out, I might Surprise Slides inside you.
When it comes to me baby, you got a lifetime Ticket to Ride.
Why play pie face game, when you could experience me to your face.
Would you like to play a board game with me?
