Apple Music or Spotify. Did you see the glitch earlier? You weren’t listed as the top hottest single.
Are you Spotify? Cuz i can listen to you all day.
Babe, are you Spotify? Because I would pay premium to spend uninterrupted time with you.
Babe, I just checked Spotify. It says you're this week's hottest new single.
Can I just watch this Spotify ad? Cuz I’d love 30 mins of uninterrupted time with you.
Comeback to Spotify Pick Up Line: Well because I am not a single!
Did my Spotify playlist glitch? Because you are the only song I hear.
Did Spotify fix their mistakes? Because you will no longer be the hottest single after you spend time with me tonight.
Do you have Spotify? Because you better have premium so we could get some uninterrupted action tonight.
Do you use Spotify free, you should join my Premium Duo for all the features.
Girl you're like my favorite Spotify playlist...No matter how much I wander I'd always come back to you.
Girl, are you my Spotify playlist? ‘Cuz I wanna listen to you all day long.
Girl, I might sue Spotify, because they can't put you in the top 10 because you are a solid 11.
Has Spotify contacts you yet? Because you are the hottest single in this club.
How to Respond to a Spotify Pick Up Line: Funny because I do not see you on the list neither.
I saw you on Spotify so thought to text you. You were in the hottest singles this week.
I think my Spotify is broken. Because I can't see you in the hottest singles!
I’m so mad at Spotify. Since they didn’t list you as hottest single of the month.
I'm gonna sue Spotify. For not including you in the hottest singles of the week list.
Is Spotify down? Well the music in my bedroom is now up.
Is your Spotify working? Because I would love you to join my family plan.
My Spotify sucks. It showed me the hottest singles, and missed you out!
Sorry for the slow reply, I was just writing a complaint to Spotify asking why your not labelled hottest single of the week.
Are you Nike? Because I think we should just do it.
Do you have Nike shoes? Because you have been running in my mind all day.
Do you wear Nike? Because you just doing it!
I’m Nike & you’re my McDonalds. Coz I’ll be doing it & you’ll be lovin’ it.
If I gave you my Nike shoes, will you step into my life.
If you were a pair of Nike sneakers I would be in and outta you all day.
Listen to Nike, just do it.
Nice Nikes, want to do it?
You remind me of Nike, because with you I want Just Do It.
