A lot of people call me Batman, but you can call me anytime.
Are you Robin? Because I am batman and we make the dynamic duo.
Are you trying to get under this cape?
Babe, you driving me crazy that I end up in Arkham asylum.
Baby girl, once you go bat, you’re never going back.
Come see my big black bat mobile tonight.
Do you like batman? Wait till I put on my rubber bodysuit.
Do you want to get out of here and check out the dark night instead?
Don’t make me take the Bat out of its Cave.
Girl are you a bat cave? Because I want to park my bat mobile inside you.
Girl you’re making all of Gotham city afraid, because you’re the BOMB!
Gotham City might need a vigilante, but tonight I just need those vigilantitties.
Hey babe, don't worry 'cause I always wear a hood.
Hey girl, most people call me Batman, but you can call me My Man!
Hey, I just met you, but here’s my bat sign, so signal me maybe?
Hey, I’m Batman, want to make out?
Hi cat woman, I’m batman.
Hi I am batman, want to take a ride in my bat mobile?
I am batman.
I am the night. And tomorrow night. And every dark night you can handle.
I don't need pick up lines. I'm Batman.
I hope you don’t mind me hiding in your bat cave for a while?
I may be Batman, but you’re still robin my heart.
I need you more than Gotham city needs batman.
I wanna be superhero, Should i be Spiderman, Batman or Yourman?
I want to explore your bat cave.
I’ll show you my Batcave if you show me yours.
If you were Justice and I was batman we’d be in a League of our own.
Is that a bat phone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name Robin? Because I’d like it if you slide down my bat pole.
It seems robin and I are not the only dynamic duo in town any longer.
Let's get outta here and check out the dark night?
My dark knight is rising for you tonight.
Once you have Batman once, you'll want Batman Forever.
Riddle me this… you come here often?
This bat hasn’t been in a cave for a long time.
Wanna slide down my Bat pole?
When you’re not around, I feel like Bruce Wayne’s parents. Dead.
Will u be my Batgirl to my Batman?
You don’t need a bat signal to make me come!
You know how they say bats can see in the dark? Wait until you see what this bat can do in the dark!
You must be Bane because you’re making my dark knight rise.
Your underground cave or mine?
Anyone ever tell you, you've got one shell of a body?
Are you a turtle? Because I want to reach into your shell.
Are you farm raised or do you have to be wild caught?
Are you looking for a shell of a time?
Babe you are so hot you make my turtle out of my shell.
Babe, I am little a turtle. Because I am about to dig your holes and drop some eggs.
Babe, the only turtle you will see tonight is in my pants.
Babe, you could touch my shell any time.
Girl, I might not be a turtle, but I sure could do it all night long.
Hey are you a turtle? Because I really like turtles.
Hey babe, you can ride my shell anytime.
Hey girl are you a turtle. Because I wanna choke you with my straw.
I ain't going to Turtling my turtle anymore.
I am naturally cold-blooded, but how about you give me a chance to warm up.
I can be your hero in a half shell.
I enjoy cocktails and midnight strolls along the beach. And we should dig a giant breeding hole together.
I like turtles and I like you.
I’m large and in charge. Giant, actually. Can you handle it?
I'd stick my neck out for you out of my shell.
Let's shellebrates tonight.
Let's take things slow. Because turtle is the only speed I've got.
My shell or yours?
Wanna create some adorable little hatchings of our own?
What did the cow say to the turtle? Get a moove on.
What do you call a turtle with a hard on? A slow poke.
Whats a turtle without his shell homeless or naked? I guess its time for me to get you out of your shell.
You are the one for me. Because I shell out my love for you.
Are you a butterfly? Because pollinate me.
Are you a butterfly? Because you are my monarch for the night.
Are you a pretty butterfly? Because I want to trap you in my bug nest.
Are you an exotic insect collector? Because you give me butterflies.
Are you butterflies? Because after eating you my stomach feels funny.
Are your like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch!
Babe you got beautiful eyes. How about a butterfly kiss?
Babe, do you know that you are the most beautiful butterfly? Tonight I will break your pupa.
Calm down butterfly, you will stop on my branch tonight.
Do you butterfly? Because I want to slid fast into your lane.
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy.
Girl are you a butterfly? Because your beautiful wings have left a lasting dust on my mind.
Girl are you a flower? Because this social butterfly wants sweet nectar from your garden tonight.
Girl you like butterflies? How about you bring the butter or I will slide in my fly.
Girl, my hungry caterpillar wants to feast into your secret garden. So it could become a fully grown butterfly.
Girl. You made my worm into a butterfly.
I know how to save the butterflies. Just smile at me and I’ll open my mouth.
I used to waste time chasing butterflies. But today you simply put the butterflies my stomach.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I’m sure you’re like a butterfly: beautiful to look at yet impossible to grab!
I'm not sure if it's the 200 butterfly or you that just took my breath away.
Which is your favourite insect? Mine are the butterflies you give me.
You give me more butterflies than caterpillars.
You might just be a blue bottle, but when I look at you I see butterfly.
You're like a butterfly. Because you are a keeper in my book.
Are you a build-a-bear? Because I wanna stuff you myself.
Are you a build-a-bear? Because I want to fill you with my white stuff.
Are you a teddy bear because I want to snuggle with you all night.
Are you my hunny? Because this Pooh bear wants you.
Babe you looking for an extra teddy bear? Because you can sleep with me  as much as you want.
Babe, I cannot bear living without you.
Call me Teddy bear, because I want to be yours for the night.
Call me Teddy, because I want to be a part of your bedroom collection.
Did you lose your Teddy Bear? Because I am cuddly and available for sleep tonight.
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? Enough to break the ice.
Feeling wild? I can turn into your bear.
Girl do you like bears? Because it is time to bare yourself for me.
Girl, I am a gummy bear. Get ready to have a taste of me.
Girl, you are so wet you make me into a drizzly bear.
Got any gummy bear? Because this one will just melt in your mouth.
Hey Baby did you know they call me Pooh Bear? Because I'm always chasing after the Honey!
I lost my teddy bear. Can I cuddle with you tonight instead.
I want to climb you like a koala bear.
I’ll fight a bear for you sweetie.
If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot?
In a room full of basic brown bears, you are my panda.
Is that a polar bear in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
You want to see a bear show? Join me next weekend.
Are you a baby duck? Because you cute as hell.
Are you a duck hunter? Because you could shoot down my duck any time.
Are you a duck? Because you make my heart waddle.
Are you the mother duck because you quack me up.
Babe I like to be safe. I will put some rubber on my duck.
Babe, I need your contact so I can quack into your DMs.
Babe, you like ducks? Because I can get you some webbed toes.
Baby, I am a duck. I will come. Then I waddled away. Until the very next day.
Baby, I will quack you up.
Bill me.
Call me Donald Duck...because I'm not wearing any pants.
Do you know that I am a duck. Because I want to quack you up.
Do you like duck meat? Then duck down here and get some meat.
Do you play Duck Hunt in Smashbros? Because my duck would ride you to smash.
Duck duck cums. You are it.
Duck under these covers.
Duck, duck, come.
Ducks go quack, cows go moo, let me stick it in and you'll go "Oooooh".
Girl you ever tasted a duck? Want to try my bill.
Girl, a duck walked up to a lemonade stand. It doesn't want any grapes but just you.
Girl, I want to show you a ducking good time.
Girl, you make me flap my wings like a duck.
Hey baby, you wanna duck?
Hey do you wanna meet up and duck sometime?
If I were a duck, I'd be addicted to your quack.
If you were a duck, you would jump into me pool of love.
Is that another earthquake? Quick! Duck and get under my covers!
My duck pond or yours.
Suck my duck.
Take me under your wings and let me feel the scent of a duck sauce.
This guy ducks in your bed any night.
Time to duck! And I will show you how my little duck turns into a swan.
Unsolicited duck pics incoming.
Will you be the duck sauce to my egg roll?
You are cute as fuck. *duck... damn autocorrect.
Are you an elephant? Because you are about to squirt for me.
Are you The Elephant's Foot? Because I wouldn't last 5 minutes with you.
Babe you make me feel like an elephant. Because I am sticking out my trunk for you.
Damn girl, I must be an elephant. Because I'd never forget you.
Do you want to play the elephant game? I'll squash you in bed tonight.
Excuse me, have you ever seen an elephant hid inside here? Some say the elephant is still hiding in my pants.
Girl do you love elephants? Because I love you a ton.
Girl you got an elephant? Because I got some nuts for you.
Girl, the only elephant in the room is that no one notices how beautiful you are.
Hey, are you a bad girl? Because I want to spank you with my elephant trunk.
How much does an elephant weigh? Enough to break the ice!
I said what I meant, I meant what I said. I’m hung like an elephant. Just bring me to bed.
I'd take you to the zoo but others might mistake me for an elephant.
If I were an elephant right now. I'd be tusky.
The logo of our party is an elephant, wanna see what the elephant and I have in common?
There must be an invisible elephant in the room, because babe you are about to trip over my hanging trunk.
What do elephants and I have in common? We both have big trunks.
Are you a koala? Because I think I meet your koala-fications.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all my koala-fications.
Babe, I don't believe in quantity. I believe in koala-ty.
Hey baby, ready for a little koala-ty time?
I'mma climb you like a koala bear.
Let’s spend some koala-ty time in each other.
Sup girl, maybe I can get your phone number so I can koala you up sometime.
Take you on vacation, sip on some pina koalas.
Wanna play hide the Koala?
When it comes to being hot. You are over koalafied!
You be the tree, and I'll wrap you like a Koala.
Are you a fairy fountain? Because I will pay for me to make my armor hard.
Are you a fairy? Because you're the answer to all my magical wishes.
Are you wearing a fairy outfit? No you are just a sexy angel for me.
Babe, I did not know fairies were real until I met you.
Babe, if you think you are just a normal girl now. Wait until I give you my magical wand and you will be my fairy.
Do you have magic? Because your glow  is making me float like the fairy dust.
Do you want to become a fairy? Because I will make you shine after putting sexy afterglow on your face.
Girl you fairy? Because you make me feel like fly.
Girl, I am a tooth fairy, I will get in and out of your mouth tonight and you will not feel a thing.
Hey girl are you Tinkerbell? Because I'm fairy attracted to you.
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
I thought the land of fairies was further South. And I am ready to go down to find out.
If you jingle my bells, I'll give you a white Christmas.
Let's go see how this fairy tale ends.
So, it is a lie that fairies only appear in dreams.
Want to play fairy? Because I want to explore deep into your fairy forest.
When I was younger my fairy godmother said I can have a long penis or a long memory, I can’t remember my response.
Why geography books! I will take u all around the world in a fairy tale!
You must be a fairy spirit, because you look out of this world with glitters.
A shark just ate my girlfriend. Will you be my new one?
Are you a Baby Shark? Because I want to do do do do do do you.
Are you a card shark? Well babe you can have my credit card any day.
Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you wanna swallow me whole.
Are you a shark, because I wanna you to eat me out on your shark week.
Are you a shark? Because I've got swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a shark? Because my harpoon is throbbing for you.
Are you a shark? Then great you need some strong jaws to handle me.
Are you a tiger shark? Because you are wild and hot.
Are you interested in one night swim of a life time?
Babe, you don't need to enter my shark tank to get money from me.
Do you know sharks eat cats? Well this shark is about to swallow your pussy.
Do you like sharks? Because I got a megalodon.
Don’t eat me, I am not like the otters.
Girl are you a shark? Because I want to hook you for life.
Girl you must be a shark, because I want see my flesh between your jaws.
Girl, are you a cat sharks? Because I got some perfect human balls for you.
Girl, I am a shark and I wanna eat you tonight.
Girl, I want to get between a rock and your shark place.
Hey girl, are you a royal shark? Because I can't stop fin-king about you.
How you chewing?
I am a hammerhead shark, and I am about to nail you tonight.
I can smell your blood from far away. I want to have you for dinner.
I don’t know whether to mount you or eat you. You are like a prize winning shark.
I have been a lone shark all my life. Meeting you tonight makes me want to become your fish in the sea.
I want to use my pick up line on you, but you may get of-fin-ded.
I would like to take you home to see my catfish.
If baby shark can doo doo, then why can't we?
If I am a shark, I would never take my eyes off you.
If someone throws sharks in the water, I'll save you first.
I'm a shark.
Is that a shark in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
My shark is worse than my bite.
Shark you be mine?
Sharks don’t typically mate for life, but for you I’d consider.
Someone call a lifeguard, because this shark is about to devour you.
Stay jaw-some.
There are a lot of sharks in the sea, but you are the only one I’d like to catch and mount back home.
There's plenty of fish in the sea, but you are the true shark for me.
They don’t call me a sperm-shark for nothing.
This may come off as a surprise, but I don’t bite. I swallow.
Tonight I want to swim in your tank.
Want to play the shark attack game? I eat you and you scream.
What would happen if I dropped a shark on thin ice? It would break the ice.
What’s a gal like you in an ocean like this!
You are making me dizzy from swimming in circles.
You got some-fin special about you.
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
You're welcome in my shark tank.
Are you a frog? Because hippity hoppity, you're now my property.
Are you a frog? Because I want to kiss you.
Babe we are frogs, and we about to get tongue-tied.
Come lay under my lily pad, hop along now.
Do you know frogs can eat any animals? Because this frog is about to eat your pussy tonight.
Do you like it froggy style?
Don't worry. If you kiss me, I won't turn into a frog.
Girl, you could hop onto my lily pad any night.
Have you ever played leap frog naked?
Hey baby, it's a future rose from a future prince.
Hey girl I'd hop on your lily pad.
Hop on!
How about I hop over there and give you a nice sticky wet one!
I am going to croak without you in my life.
I would ribbit your goblet for sure. Ribbit.
If you and I were little frogs. We could sit on leaves together.
If you think I am a frog, let me show you what else this tongue is good for.
I'll make you wetter than my natural habitat.
I'm a frog but if you dance with me I may just turn into a prince.
I'm really a prince cursed by an evil witch. Kiss me now.
Is that a frog in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Kiss me. I won't turn into a prince but I'm a pretty good kisser.
Rubbit. Rubbit. Rubbit.
You're so fine. Finer than a frog hair split four ways.
A whale ate my girlfriend, will you be mine?
Are you a killer whale? Because babe you can prey on my sperm whales anytime.
Are you a whale? Because I like your blow hole.
Are you a whale? Because my fire fish wants to hide in your blowholes.
Are you just pleased to see me, or you are happy seeing these whales.
Are you my baby whale? Because I am about to make you squirt.
Babe, you will love my whale inside you. You're whale-come.
Do you like whales? Because I was thinking we could Humpback at my place.
Do You Like Whales? Because we can go humpback at my place.
Do you like whales? Well you will love the whale in my pants after tonight.
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Because I was thinking that we could
Forget about all the fish in the sea, you need a whale to pleasure you.
Hey girl are you a whale? Because you are rare, interesting and THICC.
I bet you love whales and I want to get into your blowholes.
I speak whale.
I whale shower you with love.
I whaley love you
If I had a Bitcoin for every time you came across my mind, I'd be a Whale.
I'm a sperm whale. Seriously, what more do I need to say?
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes as well.
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes when I go down on you.
Netflix and whale?
Roses are red, whales are grey. Come to my room, we'll bang ok?
They don't call me a sperm-whale for nothing.
Want to ride a whale back at my place?
Whale be mine?
Whale hello there!
Whale Whale Whale. What do we have here?
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name).
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? It breaks the ice.
You make me feel like a whale, I have to blow and let off some steam.
Are you a chicken farmer? Because you sure raise good cocks.
Are you a chicken grave yard? Because I want to bury my cock bones in you.
Are you a chicken? Because I want to taste your breasts.
Are you a hot bowl of chicken noodle soup? Because I'd love to drink you up!
Babe, I don't need no flock when you are the only chick I want.
Babe, I want to put my cock inside your pen.
Babe, you are a chick because I cannot get enough of your chicken tender breasts.
Babe, you are the one for me because I like my chick hot.
Can I get a large chicken breast, hold the breast?
Chick or treat.
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? Because I heard you were good at raising cocks!
Do you eat chicken cause you can swallow my bones.
Do you know the difference between my dick and a chicken wing? No? Well, it's time for you to find out.
Do you know what the difference is between my dick and the taste of chicken nuggets? Well it's better to try.
Do you know why woman likes KFC? Because you are past the tender breast and the juicy thigh. All you have left is a greasy wet box to put your bone it.
Do you like fried chicken? Because I'd love to deep fry my cock inside your oven.
Do you make rotisserie chicken? Because I want to slow cook my cock inside your oven.
Do you raise chickens? Because my cock is responding to your sexy voice.
Do you work on a chicken farm? Because you know how to raise my cocks good.
Forget about chicken breast, you have the only breast I want to feast on tonight.
Girl are you fried chicken? Because you got some delicious looking legs & thighs.
Girl, if you were a chicken I would totally want your legs and thighs.
Girl, no chicken wire is going to protect you from my cock entering your garden.
Girl, you are so hot you made my boneless cock into bones.
Girl, you don't need no bucket of chicken when this one cock will satisfy all your needs.
Have you ever seen a chicken fighting a cat? Well, my cock's going to fight your pussy tonight.
Hey chick babe, with my cock tonight we will become one lovebird.
Hey girl, are u a chicken? Because your breasts make my drumsticks go wild.
Hey girl, you like bird watching? Because I like 'chicken' you out.
Hey girl, you like chicken? Because I got cock for you.
I bet you like chicken strips. Because you're a hot chick and you'll be stripping for me tonight.
I can bone out 5 chickens in 10 minutes.
If you were a chicken, I'll bring my cock for you.
I'll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken.
I'm a chicken farmer, so I know how to work with eggs baby.
I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you.
Is that a chicken in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let me be a chicken nugget and dip in your sauce.
Let's do a science experiment, you are gonna be the chicken and Ima be the egg and we can finally see who cums first.
So what CAN you feed your chickens and better yet, what can you hand feed mine?
Wanna cock?
Want some flavor tonight? I got a butter cock recipe that you must try.
Want some tasty cream gravy with that chicken?
What do you and a chicken leg have in common. I prefer bone in.
Which comes first, chicken or the egg? Either way, I’ll make sure you come first.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get into the cute girl's pants.
You know what I want tonight? All natural fresh chick like you.
You must love chicken wings, because you giving my cock wings.
You're the chick and i have the nuggets.
Adventure. Excitement. A Jedi craves not these things. And babe, I am no Jedi.
Always pass on what you have learned.
Always two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice. And babe I will be your master.
Are you baby Yoda? Because you're the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Baby Yoda one that I want.
Control, control, you must learn control!
Damn girl, are you baby Yoda? Cause I wanna be your man...dalorian.
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
Do. Or do not. There is no try. Girl I am gonna do you tonight.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. So, fear me not tonight.
Feel the force tonight you will.
Feel the force!
For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow.
Get in bed with me. You Will.
Girl, you Yoda? Because you awakened my force within.
Great warrior. Wars not make one great. Let's make love.
Happens to every guy sometimes this does.
Hey girl are you related to Yoda? Because Yoda only one for me.
Hey girl, are you a Jedi master? Because Yoda one for me.
Hey girl, are you related to Yoda? Because Yodalicius.
I must be drawn to the Force, cuz Yoda only one for me.
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.
Judge me by my size, do you?
Knock Knock! Who's there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one that I want.
Let’s role play. You be Yoda, and I will try to practice all my force on you.
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.
No! Try not. Do or do not, there is no try.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Consume you, it will. And girl you are my dark path.
Patience you must have my young lady.
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.
Ready are you? What know you of ready?
Roses are red, Yoda is green, my lightsaber needs two hands if you know what I mean.
Size matters not.
Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind.
Soon will I rest, yes, forever sleep. Earned it I have. Twilight is upon me, soon night must fall.
The force is strong with this one.
To answer power with power, the Jedi way this is not.
Will you be my sex Yoda?
Yoda only one I want to force choke.
You will find only what you bring in.
Are you a snake charmer? Want to charm my one-eyed snake?
Are you learning python? Check out the one I got in my pants.
Babe, I see you far away with the binocular power.
Babe, my snake can fit into any tight spot.
Babe, you sure know how to handle that snake. I would like you to handle mine tonight.
Girl, I got a snake that you could milk.
Girl, I got one rare trouser snake ready for you.
Girl, I heard you like snake, do you swallow like one?
Girl, I'll grow my Slither snake all night long for you.
Girl, my snake wants to eat all of you.
Girl, you got the magnetic power that suck away all of my little drops.
Girl, you made me the longest player of the night.
Girl, you make my snake grow.
Girl, your pussy is like a boa constrictor, it's killing me inside.
Hey girl I heard you like snakes? So let my tongue of snake slither all over you.
Hey Sexy, Slither my way.
I have a snake and he wants to enter your garden.
My slither snake is not complete without having a part of you.
My snake just got hard for you.
Sexy, you are keeping my snake hard on edge.
The longest lasting snake is the thickest one.
The trick to win the game is to target the tip of that head, want to try tonight in bed?
This snake is ready for a piece of action with you.
This snake is ready to slip right in you babe.
Wanna see my python? It's almost six feet long.
Want to come home with me and pet on my snake?
Want to see how I shed my snake's skin?
You could eat my snake anytime, just let me bump into your sweet spots.
You have trapped me at first sight.
A little Woodstock is chirping in my ear and tell me to come talk to you.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt. (Charles Schulz)
Be yourself. No one can say you're doing it wrong. (Snoopy)
Call me Joe Cool. (Snoopy)
Call me World War I Flying Ace. Can I take you out for a ride?
Dear contributor, Thank you for submitting your Valentine... We regret to inform you that it does not suit our present needs.
Do you mind if I put you on "HOLD"? Put me on "Hug," Chuck...
Goodbyes always make my throat hurt… I need more hellos. (Charlie Brown)
Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you. (Charles Schulz)
Hello pumpkin! (Linus)
Hey girl, I love what you did with MY Chevron Print.
I didn't say I am in love with you. I merely said I'm very fond of the ground on which you walk!
I don't mind you boss me around like Lucy.
I gave up trying to under stand people long ago. Now I let them try to understand me. (Charles Schulz)
I hope you always tag along with me.
I like you, Chuck. (Peppermint Petty)
I love the Chevron on your yellow shirt.
I promise my big nose will not get in the way.
I think every week should have a day in it when boys give presents to girls.
I think I've discovered the secret of life – you just hang around until you get used to it. (Charles Schulz)
I think I’m afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens. (Charlie Brown)
If you are Snoopy, I want to your Woodstock.
Is your name Schroeder? Because my love for you is unrequited love. (Lucy)
It's not a Woodstock in my pocket.
Keep looking up... that's the secret of life... (Snoopy)
Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon. (Charles Schulz)
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. (Linus)
My heart does a little Snoopy dance every time I see you.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet Im happy. I cant figure it out. What am I doing right? (Charles Schulz)
Never fall in love with a musician.
No problem is so big or so complicated that it can't be run away from! (Charles Schulz)
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Oh my Sweet Babboo! (Sally)
SMAK!
Someone is excited to see you and its not Woodstock.
Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Why me?", then a voice answers "Nothing personal, your name just happened to come up. (Charles Schulz)
There’s no heavier burden than a great potential! (Linus)
Wanna come home with me and watch star on the roof of my red roof?
Whats the good of living if you dont try a few things? (Charles Schulz)
Who needs security blanket when I got you. (Linus)
Why don't you don't let me try to find some sort of substitute for your blanket? ME.
Will you be my Snoopy?
Would you like to try my home made Valentines for the love of your life.
You are my favorite beagle.
You are my Little Red-Haired girl. (Charlie Brown)
You don't like me, do you?
You must be a piano/Beethoven, because you are all I think about. (Schroeder)
Are you a bull? Because I want to ride you.
Are you hay fever? Because you made me love sick.
Can I cover you with butter and grill you all night?
Did you just take a milk bath? Your skin are so soft and smooth.
Do you know a cow can lick its nose? I can't lick mine, but I can lick yours.
Do you like men who take herding seriously?
Do you live on a cow farm? Because you sure know how to milk a cow.
Don't have a cow... but I love your utters!
Ducks go quack, cows go moo, let me stick it in and you'll go "Oooooh".
Have you been to my farm? I make the best milkshakes.
Have you ever milked a cow before? Because your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hello cowboy/cowgirl, love your boots.
Hello sexy, moove your body!
Hi. I'm horny.
Holy Cow! You look exactly like the woman in my dream
I bet we would raise good cows together.
I have a fevah. I think I need some more cowbell...
I love making cheese, do you?
I will worship you like how they worship a cow in India?
I would love to graze your field.
I'm great at hitting the bull's eye.
I’d like to raise your barn.
I’ll trade you a juicy cantaloupe for some of your cow's horn.
I’ve never seen a cow horn so big. Impressive.
If you were a grassland, I would graze you.
Moo with me.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like It's better than yours, Damn right it's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge  I know you want it, The thing that makes me, What the guys go crazy for.
So what CAN you feed your cows and better yet, what can you hand feed me?
This may seem cheesy, but you make me really horny.
To me you're more special than Octavia the 8-legged cow.
You are so "herd" (hot+nerd).
You can milk my cow anytime.
You know cow's horn are not the only thing that is pointy.
You must be the Happy Cow from California, because I want to say CHEESE.
You will look great naked on that cow hide carpet.
Are you an angel? Because I’m a dinosaur.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I have a bone you can exam.
Are you an excavation site? Because I dig you.
Are you checking out my fangs or should I walk by again? (sabretooth tiger)
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Boy you as yummy as yellowcake, i ought to date you like Uranium-Series
C'mon Baby Light My Fire.
Can I hiber-mate with you through Ice Age?
Did I make you horny? (Triceratops)
Did you eat that tree without chewing or are you just happy to see me?
Dimetro-damn!
Do you want to read my body language?
Don’t let my tiny arms fool you.
Don’t like to beat around the bush? These are sure to do the trick:
Funny, you don't look Jurassic.
Girl, you must be a fossil sample and I must be an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
Have you ever been dinosaur kissed? Allow me to demonstrate.
Hello caveman, you are tall, dark and strong. Would you like to mate?
Hey baby, do you wanna know why they call me erectus?
Hey baby, how about you keep me at arm's length? (T-rex)
Hey Baby, I wanna see your bedrock!
Hey baby, I’m a diplodocus—want to see my diplocockus?
Hey wanna come over for some bbq whole mammoth?
Hey, I’ve just discovered a bone in my pants, and I was wondering if you could date it.
Hey, wanna come over and examine my collection of Folsom points?
How about we take this to dance floor and I'll show you the Intertubercular Groove?
I always think BC stand for Before You Came Into My Life;
I can't help but notice your beautiful hair. Mind if I club you and drag you home with me?
I couldn’t help but notice that you’re not a b-rachiosaurus, but a DD-rachiosaurus.
I know how to plesiosaur a lady/man.
I know there extra letters, but only idiot expects a caveman to spell.
I like your hotspot.
I pray to the Great Spirit that not make him die.
I'm going to cast a spell on you like Azande witch doctors
I’d like to excavate your site.
I’d wish you’d stegosaurus the night.
I’m hornier than a styracosaurus.
I’m hung like an Apatosaurus.
I’m not a megalodon, but I’ve got a mega-long-dong.
is that a club under your felt or are you just happy to see me?
Jurrassic-ing me back to your place? Okay!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Let's go make a cave baby of our own.
Let’s forget the carbon and move straight to the dating!
Let’s have some tyrannosaurus sex.
Let’s pretend you’re full of C14 so I can date you.
Looking to overcompensate? Check these out:
Me Homo Erectus! Stop laughing, that not mean me gay!
Me Makey Your Bed Go BOOM BOOM! U Go Home With Me!
Me Tarzan, you Jane.
Me teach you a new dance, the Bedrock and roll. It save Fred Flintstone's marriage after Barney did the Bamm-Bamm with Wilma in the gravel pit
My love for you shines brighter than the meteor that’s heading right for us.
My, my you are a special find.
One ankylosaurus says to another, "Hey, you wanna go clubbin’".
Rub my wool? (Mammoth)
So, wanna get dirty?
StegosaurME and StegosaurYou belong together do you get the message? (Stegosaurus)
That a new club in your loincloth or you happy to see me?
This bone may not date to the Jurassic Period, but it’s still rock hard.
Ugg
Wanna extract some minerals from my bone?
Wanna see my woolly mammoth?
Wanna share a trench?
Wanna watch my dinosaur evolve?
Wanna yabba dabba do it?
Watch Out For That Thagomizer!
We no have wheels yet? You make my head spin round.
We should carbon date because our half-life would approach eternity.
What a nice pair of platform mounds you got there!
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
When I'm around you, I am in ice age. I am hoping this will break the ice...
Why did you have to end the Ice Age by being so hot?
Why don’t we mosey-osaur over to my place?
Why don’t you Triassic a little tenderness?
Why go for the b-rachiosaurus, when you could go for the D-rachiosaurus.
Would you like to examine my bone?
Would you like to see my totem ?
You are dino-mite!
You as hairy as a mammoth; and it really turning me on!
You bring out the caveman in me.
You can dig up my bone any day./It wouldn’t take much digging to get to my bone.
You could melt an iceman's heart.
You know what they say about a dinosaur with long neck... (Apatosaurus)
You know what they say about a man with a large crest.
You know what they say about brachiosaurs: the neck’s not the only thing that’s disproportionately long.
You light me on fire; Stop it! Fire bad!
You like clubbing? Really? Hey, look over there!
You make me horny. (Triceratops)
You make my head spin round and round like a wheel.
You make my heart fly like a Pterodactyl.
You must be the La Brea tar pits, cuz I want to get my bone stuck in that.
You put the "ass" in Jurassic!
You should come home with me, because I’ll make you dino-sore.
You smell good. Want some a these fresh crunchy green grasshoppers i just caught?
You're like my Sacrum. Without you I would probably fall apart.
You’re at the triceratops of my food chain.
You’re the tricera-tops
Your beauty is more striking than the preservation of Ötzi the Iceman!
Your cave or mine?
Are you a fly guy? Because you sweep me off my feet.
Are you a termite? Because you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you good at dissecting insects? Good. There's something I want you to see inside my fly.
Bee mine.
Bee my love.
Bee my drone.
Bee my honey.
Bee my queen.
Boy: "So you going to be a butterfly all night?" Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: "You know, pretty to see but hard to catch!"
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Don't worry, that ain't web fluid. (Spider)
Every day with you is like a honeymoon.
Gimme a buzz and I'll bee yours.
Hey baby, what do you say we go out for a bite! (Mosquito)
Hi, do you dissect insects for scientific research? (No, why?) I thought you might want to look inside my fly.
High five! Oops! I guess you're stuck with me.
Honey, I'm stuck on you.
Honey, you're the bee's knees!
Honey, your thorax is huge!
How about we get together and cross pollinate?
I don't think you're ready for my royal jelly.
I got fleas! [Me, too] Wanna scratch my private itches? [Sure]
I used to waste time chasing butterflies , but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach.
I want you more than a Giant Sider wants light.
I will be happy to bite you.
I'm getting kinda hungry. Wanna have sex? (Female Praying Mantis)
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I was a fruit fly, I'd land on you first. Because you are so sweet.
If you were a bee, I'd keep you!
Is that your stinger? Or are you just pleased to see me?
My heart beeats for you.
My spidey sense isn't the only thing tingling.
Pollinate me.
So what do you say later on we go out for some coffee table? (Termite)
This might sting...
Wanna do the waggle dance?
Want to see my butt glow?
What is the difference between me and mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking once you slap it.
Yeah, my great great grandfather was Jimmy!! (Cricket)
You're bee-utiful.
You're like a butterfly beautiful to see but hard to catch.
You're so hot, you make my colony collapse!
You're sweeter than honey
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your sister said you were ugly, so keep my eyes covered and let's get on with it!
Are those fangs or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a ghost? Because you’ve been haunting my dreams.
Baby, you’re so beautiful, I’d take 1,000 bites just to get one kiss from you.
Don’t worry, I won’t impale you with a stake.
Hey big boy, I bet you can stay up all night.
Hey girl! Wanna go out for a bite.
How about joining me for a bite.
How would you like to be immortal for just one night?
I can make your heart beat again.
I can really suck the life out of you.
I love a girl with brains, but not in the zombie way.
I suck. You suck. Let’s make this a party.
I turn into an animal in bed. No really, I’m serious.
I want to suck your blood... and your toes.
I wish you were a vampire so we could do some necking.
I’m a 500 year old cougar, And the best you’ll ever have.
I’m a vampire in the streets, But a real devil in the sheets.
If I said you have a beautiful corpse, would you hold it against me?
If i was a vampire I'd bite you.
If you were a blood type you'd be my favorite.
If you were blood I'd suck you.
If you’re a vampire: I want to suck your blood. But I won’t. Edward and Bella made it work. Sorta.
If your boobs were a blood type it would be double A's
Is it true what they say about lady vampires? That they really know how to suck?
Is that a scab on your arm, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that bloodlust I’m sensing — or just lust?
Is there anything human left in you? Would you like some?
Is there room for two in your coffin?
It’s a good thing we’re not in a horror movie. The pretty girl always goes first.
It’s almost midnight. I can’t wait to see what you turn into.
One hour with me and you’ll be seeing THREE reflections in a mirror.
Rigor mortis means lasting power.
Something's wrong with my teeth. They keep thinking about your neck.
That’s a nice looking cape. It would look even nicer on the floor at the foot of my bed.
They say my blood is the sweetest. Wanna find out how the rest me tastes?
Want to find out what I turn into at midnight?
Will you turn into a bat for me? A long, hard one?
You drive me batty.
You have permission to enter me anytime.
You look dead sexy. Literally.
You look good enough to eat.
You sound English. I can show you a bloody good time.
You're like the sun you're so hot you make my blood boil.
You're so beautiful I think my heart just stopped. Wow it really did!
You’re like the sun you’re so hot you make my blood boil.
You’re so beautiful, Van Helsing wouldn’t kill you.
You’re so sexy, you make me want to whip something out — and it’s not a crucifix.
Your eyes are like my skin, sparkles in the sun.
Your life would suck without me... oh wait it will suck with me.
Are you a carbon-based model?
Are you an alien, because you abducted my heart long ago.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Didn't I just see you on YouTube?
Do you want me to probe you?
Do you work for NASA? Because you’re out of this world.
Have you eve had a close encounter of the pantless kind?
Hey baby, wanna take a ride in my saucer?
Hey, I know what your thinking, but, that's no tail...
Hi there, wanna flux?
How do I know you're not Photoshopped or CGI?
How do you debunk an alien? By throwing him/her out of bed.
I wonder what our kids would look like.
I’d like to wrap my 36 arms around you.
I’m currently experiencing 10,000 Gs of LUV.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be dark at night.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be pitch black.
If you think a meteor is hard, you should see what you are doing to my missile.
If you were a laser, you’d be set on “stunning.”
Is your dad an astronaut? Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
My planet wasn't big enough for my d***.
No, as a matter of fact, I want to see your leader.
Of all the planets in all the solar systems in all the galaxies, you walked into mine…
On my planet, we need three different beings to have sex ... but for you, I'll make an exception
Show me your muff and you will see where my mouth really is.
So what's your star sign?
So, where's Elvis?
Venus must be missing a Venusian
Want an out-of-this-world experience?
Want to join the thousand-mile-high club?
What did the Alien say to the cow? I'm gonna mootilate you!
What goes faster than the speed of light? Me getting the hell outta there when I first saw your ship!
What's a nice girl like you doing in a galaxy like this?
Where have you been, for the first 900 years of my life?
Why do so many of you show up in Vegas?
You know what's faster than the speed of light? My heart when I just think of you.
You know your eyes shine like the twin suns on my home planet.
You look familiar, have I probed you before?
Your eyes glow just like the twin suns on my home planet.
Are we in the litter box? Because I'm diggin' you.
Are you a bag of treats? Because I wanna sample you.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you feline the connection between us?
Are you one of them hot cougars that pick up young willing men?
Are you part beaver? Because daaaaam.
Baby, we only got 9 lives.
Baby, you put the T in tuna
Be mine it's meow or never
Can i spend all my 9 lives with you?
Can you take me to the vet, because you just took my breath away.
Cat call me.
Dinner and a mewvie?
Do you live in a corn field? Because I'm stalking you.
Don't be a player hating
Don't purrcrastnate just be mine
Girl you must be the back of my paw cuz i want to lick you constantly.
Hey, look what the cat dragged in
How you feline? Cause you purrfect, I’m not kitten!
I am feline (feeling)fine now i have seen you.
I have a cat, she would like to meet you.
I hope you have pet insurance, because I’m about to destroy your pussy.
I like cats more than dogs.
I like you furry much
I love cats. I heard you have a nice pussy. Can i play with her?
I will make you purrrrr!
I will pawlways love you
I'd give up one of my 9 lives for you
I'd like to get your tongue.
I'm feline fine now I have seen you.
I'm not high on nip, I'm just intoxicated with you.
I’ll make you purrrrrrrrr.
If i said you have nice fur, would you hold it against me?
If I were a cat, I'd spend all 8 lives with you
Just call me Puss in Boots
Let me take meowt on a date
Let's litter.
Let's make hisstory.
Let's make like fabric softener and snuggle.
Meet me at kitty corner.
Meet me by the dead bird.
Meet me by the mangled mouse.
Mind if I sniff your butt?
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
My love for you is like a hairball -- I can't hold it in.
My vet says I'm lacking in vitamin U.
Now that's a stray cat strut
Psst.. Hey babe, I got some nip
Show me some catnip.
Since i met you i feel like the cat who got the cream.
Tail me you love me
Tell me what makes you meow
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
Want to see some hairballs?
We'd make the purrfect couple
What's a babe like you doing in a dump like this?
Where have you been all my lives?
Will you be my meow?
You "complete meow me"
You amewse me
You must have been sleeping in the sun, because you are HOT.
You remind me off a leopard... or a tiger. Either way, I don't mind the claws
You're my pajamas.
Your the cats whiskers.
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you wanna swallow me whole.
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you a unicorn cause you are my fantasy.
Are you from Narnia? ‘cuz you sure make my lion roar.
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Did I ever mention that I'm a Navy Seal?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? (NO) Because I heard you were good at raising cocks!
Do you handle chickens because your good with cocks.
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
Do you know what a Timber wolf is? No. That's a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her in between the limbs.
Do you like bald eagles? (Yeah, why) Then spread for me!
Do you like Sea World, because your about to be in my splash zone
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Does your daddy have a pet owl? Because you are a hoot.
Does your pussy smell like fish because I like sushi
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
From a frog: Hey baby, it's a future rose from a future prince.
Girl your like a trophy bass I dont know whether to eat you or mount you!
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hey Baby did you know they call me Yoggie Bear (no why?) Because im always chasing after the Honey!
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Hey girl i heard you like snakes so let my snake sliver all over you
Hey girl, are you a pure bred, because you just Russian Blue me away.
Hey girl, where have you fin all my life?
Hi, I'm a birdwatcher and I'm looking for a Big-Breasted Bed thrasher, Do you know where i can find one?
I heard your into dinosaurs...well imma Lickalotofpuss
I must have been a real good boy, because you're a real treat.
I'm a lion: Meow
I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If you were a farmer i would let you choke my chicken
If you were a fish tank, I would tap that!
If you where a sheep I would clone you
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldn't be out in the open!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
Nice Camel....(look down then up)... Wanna hump?
Oh, I was staring at you? Buzzsted...
Polly wanna tap that
Remember Finding Nemo, because in a minute you'll be finding out I nemo p***y
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a "trouser snake"
Someone told me you like Owls, Well you'll love the way Owl give you this dick
Take me to the loony bin, because you're bacon me crazy.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name)
Yo baby, mind if I crab your ass?
You are one hoot mama!
You must be my backyard, because I really dig you.
You wanna see a donkey show?
You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
Your breast must be made of sand, because I want to bury my head in them.
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
Girl, I'll make you so wet I won't even need to be in the ocean. But, can we go to the ocean?, 'cause, yeah, I need to be in the ocean.
Hi. I'm Batman.
I may be Batman, but you're Robin my heart
I may be blind, but my braille skills tell me you've got some fine humps.
I'm Bruce Wayne.
There's a reason they call me Bat man – if you know what I mean…okay, I'm talkin' about my penis.
Wanna meet Alfred?
We can do it in the bat-mobile.
Do you wish to compute?
I'm lonely; wanna probe?
Maybe you should let my fist of fury invade your secret lair
You know what girl, I can hit all the right spots.
If you're lady liberty. Can I be your Captain America?
Sure I defeated Red Skull…twice today. Because that's what I call masturbation.
When I'm done with you, you'll be singing God Bless Captain America
Come with me to the dark side. Unless you enjoy sex with the lights on.
I call him Little Deadpool. He breaks down the fourth wall and your bed.
I can utilize 90% of my brain, but baby, you can do all the work.
Hey baby, want to see what the REAL Ultimate Nullifier looks like?
Four sweatervests!
I'm stretchy like my spandex onesie.
Whadda you say we call The Thing And The Invisible Woman and have a Fantastic Foursome?
Don't worry, babe. I'm only quick on my feet.
Hi, I'm The Flash, AAAAAAND…we just had sex, 47 times.
Can you leap over tall buildings in a single bound? Because you'll need that ability to be on top
Damn girl, do you think about your mother with those thoughts? Because now I have an idea…
Do you know how good it feels without a cape?
Do you wanna know how I got these scars? Oral.
Have you ever been taken up against a wall? How about a wall 40 feet in the air?
I am so into you that I would totally catch you before you hit the ground if you fell off of a building.
I would finger you, but I would disembowel you by accident so may be just fuck me
I'll bet you're a Beast in the bedroom.
It's a bird, it's plane, it's me leaving your house the next morning!
Not everything's mutated, if you know what I'm sayin'
On your mark, get set, glow!
We've lived a thousand lives, and fallen in love every time. It's okay if you don't remember. Just trust me.
You know how when I touch you, I become sort of like you? Well, have you ever considered bottoming?
Look, it's a long story. But yes, the green arrow.
In brightest day, in darkest night, I'll rub you down and do you right.
Just follow the light.
We will have a good time by the power of … Greyskull, yeah, that's it! Greyskull!
I want to shoot my arrow into your Hawkeye.
They call me He- Man because of me and my giant dick.
I'm really into BDSM–you'll really like me when I get angry
Imma Hulk SMASH that pussy!
Put me in the right mood, and I can be a beast in bed. Literally.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Go easy on me, okay? I sometimes burst into flames.
I hope you don't mind heat, 'cause I've got a strong urge to get my flame on.
Was your daddy the Human Torch, ‘cuz you on FIRE, Girl.
My metal suit isn't the only reason they call me Iron Man.
My name is Tony Stark, and yes, my tower is as impressive as they say it is.
Will you be my… Iron Maiden?
I wanna go all '50 Shades of Jean Grey' on your fine ass.
When I kissed you, I saw fireworks. Or Jubilee. Either way.
Nothing stops the Juggernaut.....from getting inside that booty!
If you give me your phone number, I will allow you to retain your individuality when my Doomsday device enslaves all humanity.
Hi. I'm Tom Hiddleston.
I am Loki from Asgard, and I am burdened with GLORIOUS purpose! NOW KNEEL!!! Yeah, right down there, Baby…that's right, you get down on your knees and take it aaaaaalllll…
Hey girl. I can teach you a thing or two about attraction.
Ever gotten a telepathic orgasm from a man in a wheelchair?
Wanna advance human-mutant relationships?
Riddle Me This: 'If I asked you to be my girlfriend, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?'
SHAZAM! Here's my penis.
This ring can make any thought I have into a construct, but babe, you're better than any thought.
People of Eternia! I stand before the Great Eye of the galaxy. Chosen by destiny to join with this beautiful woman standing before my empty eye-sockets! This inevitable moment will transpire before your eyes, even as He-Man himself bears witness to it. Now. I, Skeletor, will make this woman my eternal lover! YES! Yes... I feel it, the sexual tension... fills me. Yes, I feel the tension within me! KNEEL BEFORE YOUR MASTER!
Ever used a sex swing made of spiderwebs?
I take the 69 to a whole new level.
I'd spray my webs all over you, girl. All over.
I've gotten a lot better at catching women who've been thrown off bridges.
You must be a bad girl, because my Spidey senses sure are tingling south.
You must be a fly, 'cause I want to wrap you up and take you to my web.
Oh, you can conjure a storm? Well you're conjuring a storm in my pants right now
Be mine or die.
Did it hurt when you got kicked out of heaven because your the evil angel for me?
I am your world to rule my love.
I can conquer countries, worlds and galaxies. But you are my ultimate conquest.
I will rule the world.
We shall conquer our world together.
As it happens, the suit does come off.
As the last survivor of Krypton, I have a duty to make sure my race doesn't end with me.
Did I hit you with my heat vision? Because you are on fire.
Did it hurt–when I looked in your eyes and forgot I had laser vision and seared your corneas?
Do you have heat vision, too? Because you can melt my heart with just a look.
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air?
Excuse me, I'm from another planet. Can you teach me about human anatomy?
Girl, I want you so bad that I'm a Man of Steel. Just look down my pants and you'll see.
Hey, baby, wanna come back to my fortress of solitude?
I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heaven.
I can see anything within miles of here, but there's nothing I'd rather look at than you.
I could be anywhere on the planet 30 seconds from now... wanna come along for the ride?
I think your clothes are made of Kryptonite, we've got to get rid of them immediately.
I've flown right up to the surface of the sun, but that doesn't compare to what I felt when I first looked at you.
It's a good thing I've got freeze breath, because you look dangerously hot.
Let's go back to your place and I'll show you where I keep my wallet.
My aura can make anything invulnerable as long as I keep it really close.
My weakness isn't Kryptonite, it's your ass
They call me the Man of Steel. Well, at least, parts of me are anyways.
They say I can do just about anything, but I wish I had the power to look that good!
They say I'm faster than a speeding a bullet. Want to find out?
Wanna go see the wonders of the world?
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Man of Steel?
You know, I can hold my breath for 20 minutes...
You know, I once lifted a whole rocket into orbit. Wanna find out how high I can take you?
You know, if I hold someone really close, they become invulnerable. Wanna help me find out if I can transfer any other powers?
You must be made of Kryptonite because being around you makes my knees weak.
You'll be surprised to find that I really have no weakness, especially in my "crib tonight".
Ever hook up with a god? Didn't think so.
I'm gonna do you so hard you'll be Thor the next day.
Mjolnir isn't the only hammer I've got
BACK OFF HARVEY! I SAW HER FIRST!!
Wanna have a threesome?
Want to see what I can do with my tongue?
Going to bed, eh? I suppose you wouldn't mind if I Slytherin..
My name is War Machine, but the only war I fight is my love for you
I'm the best there is at whom I do.
Your Wonder Twins are activating that sweater, Baby.
Do you even know what I can do with ben-wa balls and my magnetism powers?
Oh, you will kneel before Zodd…
A good captain goes down with his ship, wanna go down with me?
All hands on deck!
Anchor's away.
Approach your target and place your arm on their nearest shoulder: If you were a pirate, would you place your parrot on THIS shoulder or...(put your arm around them and touch the other shoulder) THIS shoulder?
Arg baby, Arg.
Arharrr, care to sink my battleship deary?
Arrrrrrrrrrrrr you free this Saturday?
Avast, me pretty! Strike your panties and prepare to be boarded. 
Avast, me proud beauty! Wanna know why my Roger is so Jolly?
Aye, I guarantee ye, I've had a twenty percent decrease in me "lice ratio!" (Female Pirate)
Baby, my ship was sunk till I saw you.
Baby, you unfurl my sails.
Bring on the storm, I like it rough.
Brwaack! Polly want a cracker? … Oh, wait. That's for Talk Like a PARROT Day.
C'mon, lad, shiver me timbers! (Female Pirate)
Can I wear your patch ?
Come dock in my port.
Come on up and see me urchins.
Come show me how ye bury yer treasure, lad! (Female Pirate)
Do ya' mind if the parrot watches? 
Do you have the latest copy of Windows XP with cracked product activation? (software pirates only) 
Haaaarrrr! Best me plug that blowhole!
Harrrrr! Let me create the 8th sea in yerr undies!
Have ya ever met a man with a real yardarm?
Hey, sexy -- how about a Jolly Rogering? 
How'd you like to scrape the barnacles off of me rudder?
I got a bad case of scurvy…and your grapefruits are the only cure
I got me a bad case of scurvy, and your grapefruits are the only cure!
I hope you like to matey, because I'm about to swab your deck.
I like me some pirate booty.
I must be huntin' treasure, 'cause I'm diggin' yer chest!
I sure would like to pillage yer booty.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd swab your deck any day.
I'll be the captain if you be my first mate.
I'll beat your armada any day.
I'll bet you can't find my buried treasure. 
I'll give you a British pound and two gold coins.
I'll let you in on a big secret... that's no peg leg!
I'll pillage your ship!
I've crushed seventeen men's skulls between me thighs! (Female Pirate)
I've sailed the seven seas, and you're the sleekest schooner I've ever sighted.
Imma cut to the chase…you wanna hook-up?
Is that a belayin' pin in yer britches, or are ye... (Female Pirate)
Is that a cutlass in your pants or aarrrrrrrrrrrr you just happy to see me treasure chest?
Is that an 'X' on the seat of your pants? Because it appears that there's wond'rous booty buried underneath!
It may take a while to get to England in a row boat, but good things take time.
It would make me Jolly if we could Roger.
Just because one eye is patched doesn't mean I don't see how beautiful you are.
Let me stick me cannon in your porthole.
Let's get together and haul some keel.
Let's have a treasure hunt, cause X marks the spot.
Let's walk the plank to an out of this world experience.
Let's weigh anchor.
Me skull and crossbones arn't the only thing I plan on raisin' tonight. 
Nice poop deck on ya, lassie. Care fer a swabbin'? 
Not only do I have a ship, but it's a long one.
One look at you and a shiver went up me timber
Pardon me, but would ya mind if I fired me cannon through your porthole?
Polly wants a crack-whore.
RAMMING SPEED! (Female Pirate)
See this hook? Variable speed with five alternate attachments, Baby. 
So you're the new cabin boy, eh? 
So, tell me, why do they call ye, ""Cap'n Feathersword?"" (Female Pirate)
Strike yer panties and prepare to be boarded, lassie!
Swabbing the decks IS a euphemism. (The author's would like to thank Hetalia: Axis Powers for the preceding line.)
That's not an echo, my parrot thinks you're sexy too.
That's quite a cutlass ye got thar, what ye need is a good scabbard! (Female Pirate)
That's some treasure chest you've got there.
That's the finest pirate booty I've ever laid eyes on.
They don't call me Long John because my head is so big.
Wanna come back to my home port and see my dock?
Wanna see my Davie Jones?
Wanna shiver me timbers?
Wanna take a ride in my crows nest?
Want to see my 9mm?
Well blow me down?
Well call me a landlubber, 'cause I'm about to plunder your Treasure Island.
What are YOU doing here? (Female Pirate)
WOW! I bet we could fit SIXteen men on that chest! 
Ya certainly put the shiver in me timber!
Ya know, darlin', I'm 97 percent chum free.
Yer guilty of being a hot wench. I sentence you to walking my plank!
Yes, that is a hornpipe in my pocket and I am happy to see you.
Yo ho ho! How bout a bottle Of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo ho! Bottle of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo, ho ho! How 'bouts a bottle of rum?
Yo, ho! Bottle of rum? 
You blow my cannons.
You can lock my in your brig, baby.
You can sail my seven seas. 
You don't have to pay to get on board my ship.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You raise my Jolly Roger.
You want to adjust my rigging?
You. Pants Off. Now! (Female Pirate)
You're drinking a Salty Dog? How'd you like to try the real thing?
You're guilty of being a hot wench…i sentence you to walking my plank
You're just the tasty wench I've been keeping me eye out for! 
2500 years is not *that* much of an age difference!
Baby, I'd be a cotton-headed ninny muggins to let you go.
Banging Banging's my favorite
Did I miss any??
Do you have Elf in you? Would you like to?
Do you prefer it with the Light of Earendil on, or off?
Dobby will always protect you from STI's.
Even Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Girl, you just gave me Mirkwood.
Has anyone ever told you you have beautiful knees?
He's gay.
Hey babe, I'm free on Christmas Eve.
I can eat my weight in cocktail wieners
I can get you off the naughty list
I don’t wiggle my ears for just anyone, you know.
I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man.
I have certain needs that can't be satisfied by working on toys
I hear we're both into dwarves.
I invented the Naughty List…
I may be claymation, but I'm stiff where it counts.
I taught Santa everything he knows.
I think I just got struck by Cupid’s antler… And yes, I mean "antler".
I used to be a lawn ornament for Brad Pitt.
I was once a lawn ornament for ‘NSync. Want to meet them?
I was once a lawn ornament for John Bon Jovi
I'm a magical being. Take off your bra.
I'm an excellent shot. I *always* hit what I aim for.
I'm down here
I'm not Elmo, but don't stop tickling.
I've got the keys to the sleigh tonight.
I've mastered the "Elvish Tongue"... Want a demonstration?
I’m a magical being. Can I try to make your top and bra disappear?
If you're lucky, I'll put you on the naughty list.
Is it chilly in here? 'Cuz you give me snow flurries!
Is that Lembas bread or are you just happy to see me?
Just because a guy wears tights and pointy slippers doesn't mean 
Just because I’ve got bells on my shoes, doesn’t mean I’m a sissy.
Let's go back to my sweet pad. I've got a waterbed. Wink.
Mistress provides Dobby with clothes? Naughty.
My candy canes are ribbed for your pleasure.
My nose may be cold, but my heart is warm.
My treehouse or yours?
Nice tunic! It would look great on the floor by my bed.
Nice view from down here!
No, no. I don’t bake cookies. You’re thinking of those dorks over at Keebler.
Not everything about me is tiny!
People tell me I look like Cupid.
Santa’s busy... You can sit on my lap!
That's quite a set of ornaments you've got there.
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is to orgasm loud for all to hear.
There're plenty more arrows where that came from.
There's a reason why they stopped calling us "The Little People".
There’s no height limit on love!
Tiny hands give better backrubs.
Trust me; I'm a good stocking stuffer.
We don't see many happenin' ladies north of the Arctic Circle.
Why, yes, I AM George Stephanopoulos.
Yeah it's pointy too.
You bring out the Yeti in me!
You know what they say about guys with big ears.
You, me, Santa, and the Mrs. whaddya say?
You'd look great in a Raggedy Ann wig.
You're so sweet I'd put you on my spaghetti.
Your eyes are as green as the moss that grows on rotting trees.
A shark just ate my girlfriend, will you be my new one?
Aeooiieaeeooooou!!
Ahh snap girl, you fine! (Because we're snapping turtles.) (Turtle)
Anyone ever tell you, you've got one shell of a body? (Turtle)
Are you a sea butterfly? Because I’m caught in your trap.
Are you a shark? Because I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a whale? Because I like your blow hole.
Are you an archer fish? Because you just spit on me a little while you were talking and I’ve fallen prey to you.
Are you an octopus? Because you octopi my thoughts.
Are you coral reef? Because I'm in love with your beauty.
Are you farm raised or do you have to be wild caught?
Are you Jelly? (Jellyfish)
Are you just pleased to meet me, or is that an Architeuthis in your trousers? (Octopus)
Are you Swedish? Because you’re the sweetish fish in the sea!
Call me Ishmael......... (Octopus)
Can i put a little more sauce into your life?
Can I put my tank into your mall?
Come back with me and I will show you how dolphin talks.
Dang girl are you Dory from finding Nemo? Because I know you remember me.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Probably not, because of your protective shell. (Turtle)
Didn't I see you on the cover of Marine Biology Monthly? (Octopus)
Do ya mind if I stick this under your mantle? (Octopus)
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I swim by again?
Do you like pet shellfish? Because I have a very sweet clam you should pet.
Do you like seafood? Because I've got crabs.
Do you masturbate to Shark Week too?!
Do you work here, because you smell of tuna?
Do your dolphins do any tricks?
Does your pussy smell like fish? Because I like sushi.
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Because I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
Gimme some fin. Noggin'. Dude!
Girl, you look ancient—considering we're one of the oldest species on earth, that's a compliment. (Turtle)
Hey babe, let's do it dolphin style.
Hey babe, mind if I crab your ass?
Hey baby, are you a calorimeter? Because you're hot and I'd like to stick my probe into you.
Hey baby, are you a marine biologist? Because I'd like to hist the club and seal the deal with you.
Hey baby, let's play meiosis. Why don't you go first and split your legs.
hey baby, show me your feeders and I'll show you mine
Hey baby, wanna free my Willy?
Hey baby, you look like a carbon copy of a 21 year old chick I know. I'd like to go down on you.
Hey girl, where you fin all my life?
Hey, ever ridden a dolphin?
How about I take you out to a nice seafood dinner and never call you again
How much does a polar bear weight? Enough to break the ice.
How you chewing? (Shark)
I bet you love blowholes.
I bet your tank isn’t as hot as you are.
I can be your hero in a half shell. (Turtle)
I can talk in a high pitched dolphin voice... EE ee eeee E.. E.. Eee E E Ee
I can't afford a ticket to sea world so can I just see your dolphin show?
I enjoy cocktails and midnight strolls along the beach... want to dig a giant breeding hole together? (Turtle)
I know you're naturally cold-blooded, but how about you give me a chance to warm you up. (Turtle)
I love seafood, and your breath smells like crab cakes.
I love your dress. It's soFISHticated.
I love your rainbow trout, o my kiss!
I might be left shark, but I'm the right shark for you.
I really respect a mollusk who doesn't have to hide in a shell, and can just be herself. (Octopus)
I saw you and I was hooked.
I speak whale.
I think my firefish wants to hide in your live rock
I used to hate algae, but it's starting to grow on me.
I wanna eat you if that's okay? (Shark)
I want to be the clown fish to your sea anemone.
I whale shower you with love.
I whaley love you
I wish I were an octopus, so I would have eight hands to touch your butt with.
I wish we can be the type of jellyfish that lives forever, so I can love you forever.
I would swim 100 miles up the Amazon River with 50 kilogram weights tied to my scrotum, with nothing more than Ellen DeGeneres's queefs as my air supply, if it meant that I could have one seafood dinner with you over Skype, using a dial-up internet connection … So what do you say, can I have your number?
I'd stick my neck out for you. (Turtle)
I'll give you a ride that you won't have to wait in line for.
I'm a shark.
I'm hot, but you are otter.
I'm large and in charge. Giant, actually. Can you handle it? (Turtle)
I’d really like to introduce my eel to your clam.
If I told you, you had great chromatophores, would you hold them against me? (Octopus)
If I were a dolphin, I'd rape you first.
If you sit up front, I'll make you wet.
If you were a fish, you’d be a Clownfish.
If you were a fish, you’d be an Angelfish.
If you were a manatee I’d want to be your food, and spend a long time inside you.
If your butt was a seafood restaurant I'd pick the pupu platter.
Is that a goldfish in your pants or are you just happy to see me
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes as well.
Let's get out of these wetsuits, and into a dry, awkward moment we'll never talk about again.
Let's goby somewhere alone
Let's take things slow. Because that's the only speed I've got. (Turtle)
Loving you is a no-brainer. (Jellyfish)
My shell or yours?
Of course there's lots of fish in the sea, but you're looking at a sexy land beast.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you've got it all... because you're scaly. (Turtle)
Once you've had me, baby, you'll never go back; mostly because you'll starve to death while protecting your eggs. (Octopus)
Polar Bear... I just wanted to break the ice.
Pssh... I'm not the only one who smells like fish.
So you chicks wanna see my six inch catfish or what?
Some scientists classify me as "vulgaris", but I'm really sweet once you get to know me. (Octopus)
Something smells fishy about this place... Let's get outta here.
Stroke my dolphin.
That has got to be the sealiest thing I've ever heard.
The "Angry Walrus" is my favourite sexual trick.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home.
They call me, "Portuguese Man-of-War," but I'm really just a jellyfish of love.
They don't call me a sperm-whale for nothing.
Tonight I can make you ink.
Tonight I would be a hermit no more.
Wanna create some adorable little hatchings of our own? (Turtle)
Wanna cuttle? (Cuttlefish)
Wanna have my tadpoles swim to your pond?
Wanna help me clean my pump?
Wanna hold my eel? He is a slippery fella.
Wanna make a seafood palette? You bring your mussels back to my place and I'll show you my clam.
Wanna snorkel with my dorkel?
wanna try guppy style?
We don't typically mate for life, but for you I'd reconsider it. (Turtle)
We should team up to help our species not go extinct. (Turtle)
Whale be mine?
Whale Whale Whale. What do we have here?
What a beautiful specimen, so exotic…
What do you say we go behind this rock and seal the deal?
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name).
What if I say, I'm not like the otters.
What kind of fish is funny? A clownfish.
What's a gal like you in an ocean like this?
Why don't we molt into something a little more comfortable? (Turtle)
Will you be mine? Mine? Mine? Mine? Mine?
Would you like to go home and see my catfish?
You are so hot, you are turning all the shell fishes red.
You can call me Nemo, because I'm never afraid to touch the butt.
You don't look a day over a hundred and thirty. (Turtle)
You had me at lobster.
You know what else is slippery when wet? (Sea Lion)
You know what happen to be from the future and I sea you lion in my bed.
You look shy. Let me help you come out of your shell—but not too far. (Turtle)
You make me feel like a sea cucumber, because when I first saw you my stomach dropped out of my ass.
You must be Nemo, because I have been looking for you.
You must be on the seafood diet. When you see food, you eat it!
You otter come over here cutie!
You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
You’re so cute I could turn myself inside out and digest you.
Your beak says no, but your hearts say yes, no, and maybe. (Octopus)
Your coral lips were made to kiss.
Your Thermador cracks my shell.
A lot of people call me Batman, but you can call me anytime.
Are you Robin? Because I am batman and we make the dynamic duo.
Are you trying to get under this cape?
Babe, you driving me crazy that I end up in Arkham asylum.
Baby girl, once you go bat, you’re never going back.
Come see my big black bat mobile tonight.
Do you like batman? Wait till I put on my rubber bodysuit.
Do you want to get out of here and check out the dark night instead?
Don’t make me take the Bat out of its Cave.
Girl are you a bat cave? Because I want to park my bat mobile inside you.
Girl you’re making all of Gotham city afraid, because you’re the BOMB!
Gotham City might need a vigilante, but tonight I just need those vigilantitties.
Hey babe, don't worry 'cause I always wear a hood.
Hey girl, most people call me Batman, but you can call me My Man!
Hey, I just met you, but here’s my bat sign, so signal me maybe?
Hey, I’m Batman, want to make out?
Hi cat woman, I’m batman.
Hi I am batman, want to take a ride in my bat mobile?
I am batman.
I am the night. And tomorrow night. And every dark night you can handle.
I don't need pick up lines. I'm Batman.
I hope you don’t mind me hiding in your bat cave for a while?
I may be Batman, but you’re still robin my heart.
I need you more than Gotham city needs batman.
I wanna be superhero, Should i be Spiderman, Batman or Yourman?
I want to explore your bat cave.
I’ll show you my Batcave if you show me yours.
If you were Justice and I was batman we’d be in a League of our own.
Is that a bat phone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name Robin? Because I’d like it if you slide down my bat pole.
It seems robin and I are not the only dynamic duo in town any longer.
Let's get outta here and check out the dark night?
My dark knight is rising for you tonight.
Once you have Batman once, you'll want Batman Forever.
Riddle me this… you come here often?
This bat hasn’t been in a cave for a long time.
Wanna slide down my Bat pole?
When you’re not around, I feel like Bruce Wayne’s parents. Dead.
Will u be my Batgirl to my Batman?
You don’t need a bat signal to make me come!
You know how they say bats can see in the dark? Wait until you see what this bat can do in the dark!
You must be Bane because you’re making my dark knight rise.
Your underground cave or mine?
Anyone ever tell you, you've got one shell of a body?
Are you a turtle? Because I want to reach into your shell.
Are you farm raised or do you have to be wild caught?
Are you looking for a shell of a time?
Babe you are so hot you make my turtle out of my shell.
Babe, I am little a turtle. Because I am about to dig your holes and drop some eggs.
Babe, the only turtle you will see tonight is in my pants.
Babe, you could touch my shell any time.
Girl, I might not be a turtle, but I sure could do it all night long.
Hey are you a turtle? Because I really like turtles.
Hey babe, you can ride my shell anytime.
Hey girl are you a turtle. Because I wanna choke you with my straw.
I ain't going to Turtling my turtle anymore.
I am naturally cold-blooded, but how about you give me a chance to warm up.
I can be your hero in a half shell.
I enjoy cocktails and midnight strolls along the beach. And we should dig a giant breeding hole together.
I like turtles and I like you.
I’m large and in charge. Giant, actually. Can you handle it?
I'd stick my neck out for you out of my shell.
Let's shellebrates tonight.
Let's take things slow. Because turtle is the only speed I've got.
My shell or yours?
Wanna create some adorable little hatchings of our own?
What did the cow say to the turtle? Get a moove on.
What do you call a turtle with a hard on? A slow poke.
Whats a turtle without his shell homeless or naked? I guess its time for me to get you out of your shell.
You are the one for me. Because I shell out my love for you.
Are you a butterfly? Because pollinate me.
Are you a butterfly? Because you are my monarch for the night.
Are you a pretty butterfly? Because I want to trap you in my bug nest.
Are you an exotic insect collector? Because you give me butterflies.
Are you butterflies? Because after eating you my stomach feels funny.
Are your like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch!
Babe you got beautiful eyes. How about a butterfly kiss?
Babe, do you know that you are the most beautiful butterfly? Tonight I will break your pupa.
Calm down butterfly, you will stop on my branch tonight.
Do you butterfly? Because I want to slid fast into your lane.
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy.
Girl are you a butterfly? Because your beautiful wings have left a lasting dust on my mind.
Girl are you a flower? Because this social butterfly wants sweet nectar from your garden tonight.
Girl you like butterflies? How about you bring the butter or I will slide in my fly.
Girl, my hungry caterpillar wants to feast into your secret garden. So it could become a fully grown butterfly.
Girl. You made my worm into a butterfly.
I know how to save the butterflies. Just smile at me and I’ll open my mouth.
I used to waste time chasing butterflies. But today you simply put the butterflies my stomach.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I’m sure you’re like a butterfly: beautiful to look at yet impossible to grab!
I'm not sure if it's the 200 butterfly or you that just took my breath away.
Which is your favourite insect? Mine are the butterflies you give me.
You give me more butterflies than caterpillars.
You might just be a blue bottle, but when I look at you I see butterfly.
You're like a butterfly. Because you are a keeper in my book.
Are you a build-a-bear? Because I wanna stuff you myself.
Are you a build-a-bear? Because I want to fill you with my white stuff.
Are you a teddy bear because I want to snuggle with you all night.
Are you my hunny? Because this Pooh bear wants you.
Babe you looking for an extra teddy bear? Because you can sleep with me  as much as you want.
Babe, I cannot bear living without you.
Call me Teddy bear, because I want to be yours for the night.
Call me Teddy, because I want to be a part of your bedroom collection.
Did you lose your Teddy Bear? Because I am cuddly and available for sleep tonight.
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? Enough to break the ice.
Feeling wild? I can turn into your bear.
Girl do you like bears? Because it is time to bare yourself for me.
Girl, I am a gummy bear. Get ready to have a taste of me.
Girl, you are so wet you make me into a drizzly bear.
Got any gummy bear? Because this one will just melt in your mouth.
Hey Baby did you know they call me Pooh Bear? Because I'm always chasing after the Honey!
I lost my teddy bear. Can I cuddle with you tonight instead.
I want to climb you like a koala bear.
I’ll fight a bear for you sweetie.
If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot?
In a room full of basic brown bears, you are my panda.
Is that a polar bear in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
You want to see a bear show? Join me next weekend.
Are you a baby duck? Because you cute as hell.
Are you a duck hunter? Because you could shoot down my duck any time.
Are you a duck? Because you make my heart waddle.
Are you the mother duck because you quack me up.
Babe I like to be safe. I will put some rubber on my duck.
Babe, I need your contact so I can quack into your DMs.
Babe, you like ducks? Because I can get you some webbed toes.
Baby, I am a duck. I will come. Then I waddled away. Until the very next day.
Baby, I will quack you up.
Bill me.
Call me Donald Duck...because I'm not wearing any pants.
Do you know that I am a duck. Because I want to quack you up.
Do you like duck meat? Then duck down here and get some meat.
Do you play Duck Hunt in Smashbros? Because my duck would ride you to smash.
Duck duck cums. You are it.
Duck under these covers.
Duck, duck, come.
Ducks go quack, cows go moo, let me stick it in and you'll go "Oooooh".
Girl you ever tasted a duck? Want to try my bill.
Girl, a duck walked up to a lemonade stand. It doesn't want any grapes but just you.
Girl, I want to show you a ducking good time.
Girl, you make me flap my wings like a duck.
Hey baby, you wanna duck?
Hey do you wanna meet up and duck sometime?
If I were a duck, I'd be addicted to your quack.
If you were a duck, you would jump into me pool of love.
Is that another earthquake? Quick! Duck and get under my covers!
My duck pond or yours.
Suck my duck.
Take me under your wings and let me feel the scent of a duck sauce.
This guy ducks in your bed any night.
Time to duck! And I will show you how my little duck turns into a swan.
Unsolicited duck pics incoming.
Will you be the duck sauce to my egg roll?
You are cute as fuck. *duck... damn autocorrect.
Are you an elephant? Because you are about to squirt for me.
Are you The Elephant's Foot? Because I wouldn't last 5 minutes with you.
Babe you make me feel like an elephant. Because I am sticking out my trunk for you.
Damn girl, I must be an elephant. Because I'd never forget you.
Do you want to play the elephant game? I'll squash you in bed tonight.
Excuse me, have you ever seen an elephant hid inside here? Some say the elephant is still hiding in my pants.
Girl do you love elephants? Because I love you a ton.
Girl you got an elephant? Because I got some nuts for you.
Girl, the only elephant in the room is that no one notices how beautiful you are.
Hey, are you a bad girl? Because I want to spank you with my elephant trunk.
How much does an elephant weigh? Enough to break the ice!
I said what I meant, I meant what I said. I’m hung like an elephant. Just bring me to bed.
I'd take you to the zoo but others might mistake me for an elephant.
If I were an elephant right now. I'd be tusky.
The logo of our party is an elephant, wanna see what the elephant and I have in common?
There must be an invisible elephant in the room, because babe you are about to trip over my hanging trunk.
What do elephants and I have in common? We both have big trunks.
Are you a koala? Because I think I meet your koala-fications.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all my koala-fications.
Babe, I don't believe in quantity. I believe in koala-ty.
Hey baby, ready for a little koala-ty time?
I'mma climb you like a koala bear.
Let’s spend some koala-ty time in each other.
Sup girl, maybe I can get your phone number so I can koala you up sometime.
Take you on vacation, sip on some pina koalas.
Wanna play hide the Koala?
When it comes to being hot. You are over koalafied!
You be the tree, and I'll wrap you like a Koala.
Are you a fairy fountain? Because I will pay for me to make my armor hard.
Are you a fairy? Because you're the answer to all my magical wishes.
Are you wearing a fairy outfit? No you are just a sexy angel for me.
Babe, I did not know fairies were real until I met you.
Babe, if you think you are just a normal girl now. Wait until I give you my magical wand and you will be my fairy.
Do you have magic? Because your glow  is making me float like the fairy dust.
Do you want to become a fairy? Because I will make you shine after putting sexy afterglow on your face.
Girl you fairy? Because you make me feel like fly.
Girl, I am a tooth fairy, I will get in and out of your mouth tonight and you will not feel a thing.
Hey girl are you Tinkerbell? Because I'm fairy attracted to you.
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
I thought the land of fairies was further South. And I am ready to go down to find out.
If you jingle my bells, I'll give you a white Christmas.
Let's go see how this fairy tale ends.
So, it is a lie that fairies only appear in dreams.
Want to play fairy? Because I want to explore deep into your fairy forest.
When I was younger my fairy godmother said I can have a long penis or a long memory, I can’t remember my response.
Why geography books! I will take u all around the world in a fairy tale!
You must be a fairy spirit, because you look out of this world with glitters.
A shark just ate my girlfriend. Will you be my new one?
Are you a Baby Shark? Because I want to do do do do do do you.
Are you a card shark? Well babe you can have my credit card any day.
Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you wanna swallow me whole.
Are you a shark, because I wanna you to eat me out on your shark week.
Are you a shark? Because I've got swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a shark? Because my harpoon is throbbing for you.
Are you a shark? Then great you need some strong jaws to handle me.
Are you a tiger shark? Because you are wild and hot.
Are you interested in one night swim of a life time?
Babe, you don't need to enter my shark tank to get money from me.
Do you know sharks eat cats? Well this shark is about to swallow your pussy.
Do you like sharks? Because I got a megalodon.
Don’t eat me, I am not like the otters.
Girl are you a shark? Because I want to hook you for life.
Girl you must be a shark, because I want see my flesh between your jaws.
Girl, are you a cat sharks? Because I got some perfect human balls for you.
Girl, I am a shark and I wanna eat you tonight.
Girl, I want to get between a rock and your shark place.
Hey girl, are you a royal shark? Because I can't stop fin-king about you.
How you chewing?
I am a hammerhead shark, and I am about to nail you tonight.
I can smell your blood from far away. I want to have you for dinner.
I don’t know whether to mount you or eat you. You are like a prize winning shark.
I have been a lone shark all my life. Meeting you tonight makes me want to become your fish in the sea.
I want to use my pick up line on you, but you may get of-fin-ded.
I would like to take you home to see my catfish.
If baby shark can doo doo, then why can't we?
If I am a shark, I would never take my eyes off you.
If someone throws sharks in the water, I'll save you first.
I'm a shark.
Is that a shark in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
My shark is worse than my bite.
Shark you be mine?
Sharks don’t typically mate for life, but for you I’d consider.
Someone call a lifeguard, because this shark is about to devour you.
Stay jaw-some.
There are a lot of sharks in the sea, but you are the only one I’d like to catch and mount back home.
There's plenty of fish in the sea, but you are the true shark for me.
They don’t call me a sperm-shark for nothing.
This may come off as a surprise, but I don’t bite. I swallow.
Tonight I want to swim in your tank.
Want to play the shark attack game? I eat you and you scream.
What would happen if I dropped a shark on thin ice? It would break the ice.
What’s a gal like you in an ocean like this!
You are making me dizzy from swimming in circles.
You got some-fin special about you.
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
You're welcome in my shark tank.
Are you a frog? Because hippity hoppity, you're now my property.
Are you a frog? Because I want to kiss you.
Babe we are frogs, and we about to get tongue-tied.
Come lay under my lily pad, hop along now.
Do you know frogs can eat any animals? Because this frog is about to eat your pussy tonight.
Do you like it froggy style?
Don't worry. If you kiss me, I won't turn into a frog.
Girl, you could hop onto my lily pad any night.
Have you ever played leap frog naked?
Hey baby, it's a future rose from a future prince.
Hey girl I'd hop on your lily pad.
Hop on!
How about I hop over there and give you a nice sticky wet one!
I am going to croak without you in my life.
I would ribbit your goblet for sure. Ribbit.
If you and I were little frogs. We could sit on leaves together.
If you think I am a frog, let me show you what else this tongue is good for.
I'll make you wetter than my natural habitat.
I'm a frog but if you dance with me I may just turn into a prince.
I'm really a prince cursed by an evil witch. Kiss me now.
Is that a frog in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Kiss me. I won't turn into a prince but I'm a pretty good kisser.
Rubbit. Rubbit. Rubbit.
You're so fine. Finer than a frog hair split four ways.
A whale ate my girlfriend, will you be mine?
Are you a killer whale? Because babe you can prey on my sperm whales anytime.
Are you a whale? Because I like your blow hole.
Are you a whale? Because my fire fish wants to hide in your blowholes.
Are you just pleased to see me, or you are happy seeing these whales.
Are you my baby whale? Because I am about to make you squirt.
Babe, you will love my whale inside you. You're whale-come.
Do you like whales? Because I was thinking we could Humpback at my place.
Do You Like Whales? Because we can go humpback at my place.
Do you like whales? Well you will love the whale in my pants after tonight.
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Because I was thinking that we could
Forget about all the fish in the sea, you need a whale to pleasure you.
Hey girl are you a whale? Because you are rare, interesting and THICC.
I bet you love whales and I want to get into your blowholes.
I speak whale.
I whale shower you with love.
I whaley love you
If I had a Bitcoin for every time you came across my mind, I'd be a Whale.
I'm a sperm whale. Seriously, what more do I need to say?
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes as well.
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes when I go down on you.
Netflix and whale?
Roses are red, whales are grey. Come to my room, we'll bang ok?
They don't call me a sperm-whale for nothing.
Want to ride a whale back at my place?
Whale be mine?
Whale hello there!
Whale Whale Whale. What do we have here?
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name).
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? It breaks the ice.
You make me feel like a whale, I have to blow and let off some steam.
Are you a chicken farmer? Because you sure raise good cocks.
Are you a chicken grave yard? Because I want to bury my cock bones in you.
Are you a chicken? Because I want to taste your breasts.
Are you a hot bowl of chicken noodle soup? Because I'd love to drink you up!
Babe, I don't need no flock when you are the only chick I want.
Babe, I want to put my cock inside your pen.
Babe, you are a chick because I cannot get enough of your chicken tender breasts.
Babe, you are the one for me because I like my chick hot.
Can I get a large chicken breast, hold the breast?
Chick or treat.
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? Because I heard you were good at raising cocks!
Do you eat chicken cause you can swallow my bones.
Do you know the difference between my dick and a chicken wing? No? Well, it's time for you to find out.
Do you know what the difference is between my dick and the taste of chicken nuggets? Well it's better to try.
Do you know why woman likes KFC? Because you are past the tender breast and the juicy thigh. All you have left is a greasy wet box to put your bone it.
Do you like fried chicken? Because I'd love to deep fry my cock inside your oven.
Do you make rotisserie chicken? Because I want to slow cook my cock inside your oven.
Do you raise chickens? Because my cock is responding to your sexy voice.
Do you work on a chicken farm? Because you know how to raise my cocks good.
Forget about chicken breast, you have the only breast I want to feast on tonight.
Girl are you fried chicken? Because you got some delicious looking legs & thighs.
Girl, if you were a chicken I would totally want your legs and thighs.
Girl, no chicken wire is going to protect you from my cock entering your garden.
Girl, you are so hot you made my boneless cock into bones.
Girl, you don't need no bucket of chicken when this one cock will satisfy all your needs.
Have you ever seen a chicken fighting a cat? Well, my cock's going to fight your pussy tonight.
Hey chick babe, with my cock tonight we will become one lovebird.
Hey girl, are u a chicken? Because your breasts make my drumsticks go wild.
Hey girl, you like bird watching? Because I like 'chicken' you out.
Hey girl, you like chicken? Because I got cock for you.
I bet you like chicken strips. Because you're a hot chick and you'll be stripping for me tonight.
I can bone out 5 chickens in 10 minutes.
If you were a chicken, I'll bring my cock for you.
I'll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken.
I'm a chicken farmer, so I know how to work with eggs baby.
I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you.
Is that a chicken in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let me be a chicken nugget and dip in your sauce.
Let's do a science experiment, you are gonna be the chicken and Ima be the egg and we can finally see who cums first.
So what CAN you feed your chickens and better yet, what can you hand feed mine?
Wanna cock?
Want some flavor tonight? I got a butter cock recipe that you must try.
Want some tasty cream gravy with that chicken?
What do you and a chicken leg have in common. I prefer bone in.
Which comes first, chicken or the egg? Either way, I’ll make sure you come first.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get into the cute girl's pants.
You know what I want tonight? All natural fresh chick like you.
You must love chicken wings, because you giving my cock wings.
You're the chick and i have the nuggets.
Adventure. Excitement. A Jedi craves not these things. And babe, I am no Jedi.
Always pass on what you have learned.
Always two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice. And babe I will be your master.
Are you baby Yoda? Because you're the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Baby Yoda one that I want.
Control, control, you must learn control!
Damn girl, are you baby Yoda? Cause I wanna be your man...dalorian.
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
Do. Or do not. There is no try. Girl I am gonna do you tonight.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. So, fear me not tonight.
Feel the force tonight you will.
Feel the force!
For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow.
Get in bed with me. You Will.
Girl, you Yoda? Because you awakened my force within.
Great warrior. Wars not make one great. Let's make love.
Happens to every guy sometimes this does.
Hey girl are you related to Yoda? Because Yoda only one for me.
Hey girl, are you a Jedi master? Because Yoda one for me.
Hey girl, are you related to Yoda? Because Yodalicius.
I must be drawn to the Force, cuz Yoda only one for me.
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.
Judge me by my size, do you?
Knock Knock! Who's there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one that I want.
Let’s role play. You be Yoda, and I will try to practice all my force on you.
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.
No! Try not. Do or do not, there is no try.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Consume you, it will. And girl you are my dark path.
Patience you must have my young lady.
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.
Ready are you? What know you of ready?
Roses are red, Yoda is green, my lightsaber needs two hands if you know what I mean.
Size matters not.
Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind.
Soon will I rest, yes, forever sleep. Earned it I have. Twilight is upon me, soon night must fall.
The force is strong with this one.
To answer power with power, the Jedi way this is not.
Will you be my sex Yoda?
Yoda only one I want to force choke.
You will find only what you bring in.
Are you a snake charmer? Want to charm my one-eyed snake?
Are you learning python? Check out the one I got in my pants.
Babe, I see you far away with the binocular power.
Babe, my snake can fit into any tight spot.
Babe, you sure know how to handle that snake. I would like you to handle mine tonight.
Girl, I got a snake that you could milk.
Girl, I got one rare trouser snake ready for you.
Girl, I heard you like snake, do you swallow like one?
Girl, I'll grow my Slither snake all night long for you.
Girl, my snake wants to eat all of you.
Girl, you got the magnetic power that suck away all of my little drops.
Girl, you made me the longest player of the night.
Girl, you make my snake grow.
Girl, your pussy is like a boa constrictor, it's killing me inside.
Hey girl I heard you like snakes? So let my tongue of snake slither all over you.
Hey Sexy, Slither my way.
I have a snake and he wants to enter your garden.
My slither snake is not complete without having a part of you.
My snake just got hard for you.
Sexy, you are keeping my snake hard on edge.
The longest lasting snake is the thickest one.
The trick to win the game is to target the tip of that head, want to try tonight in bed?
This snake is ready for a piece of action with you.
This snake is ready to slip right in you babe.
Wanna see my python? It's almost six feet long.
Want to come home with me and pet on my snake?
Want to see how I shed my snake's skin?
You could eat my snake anytime, just let me bump into your sweet spots.
You have trapped me at first sight.
A little Woodstock is chirping in my ear and tell me to come talk to you.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt. (Charles Schulz)
Be yourself. No one can say you're doing it wrong. (Snoopy)
Call me Joe Cool. (Snoopy)
Call me World War I Flying Ace. Can I take you out for a ride?
Dear contributor, Thank you for submitting your Valentine... We regret to inform you that it does not suit our present needs.
Do you mind if I put you on "HOLD"? Put me on "Hug," Chuck...
Goodbyes always make my throat hurt… I need more hellos. (Charlie Brown)
Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you. (Charles Schulz)
Hello pumpkin! (Linus)
Hey girl, I love what you did with MY Chevron Print.
I didn't say I am in love with you. I merely said I'm very fond of the ground on which you walk!
I don't mind you boss me around like Lucy.
I gave up trying to under stand people long ago. Now I let them try to understand me. (Charles Schulz)
I hope you always tag along with me.
I like you, Chuck. (Peppermint Petty)
I love the Chevron on your yellow shirt.
I promise my big nose will not get in the way.
I think every week should have a day in it when boys give presents to girls.
I think I've discovered the secret of life – you just hang around until you get used to it. (Charles Schulz)
I think I’m afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens. (Charlie Brown)
If you are Snoopy, I want to your Woodstock.
Is your name Schroeder? Because my love for you is unrequited love. (Lucy)
It's not a Woodstock in my pocket.
Keep looking up... that's the secret of life... (Snoopy)
Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon. (Charles Schulz)
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. (Linus)
My heart does a little Snoopy dance every time I see you.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet Im happy. I cant figure it out. What am I doing right? (Charles Schulz)
Never fall in love with a musician.
No problem is so big or so complicated that it can't be run away from! (Charles Schulz)
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Oh my Sweet Babboo! (Sally)
SMAK!
Someone is excited to see you and its not Woodstock.
Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Why me?", then a voice answers "Nothing personal, your name just happened to come up. (Charles Schulz)
There’s no heavier burden than a great potential! (Linus)
Wanna come home with me and watch star on the roof of my red roof?
Whats the good of living if you dont try a few things? (Charles Schulz)
Who needs security blanket when I got you. (Linus)
Why don't you don't let me try to find some sort of substitute for your blanket? ME.
Will you be my Snoopy?
Would you like to try my home made Valentines for the love of your life.
You are my favorite beagle.
You are my Little Red-Haired girl. (Charlie Brown)
You don't like me, do you?
You must be a piano/Beethoven, because you are all I think about. (Schroeder)
Are you a bull? Because I want to ride you.
Are you hay fever? Because you made me love sick.
Can I cover you with butter and grill you all night?
Did you just take a milk bath? Your skin are so soft and smooth.
Do you know a cow can lick its nose? I can't lick mine, but I can lick yours.
Do you like men who take herding seriously?
Do you live on a cow farm? Because you sure know how to milk a cow.
Don't have a cow... but I love your utters!
Ducks go quack, cows go moo, let me stick it in and you'll go "Oooooh".
Have you been to my farm? I make the best milkshakes.
Have you ever milked a cow before? Because your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hello cowboy/cowgirl, love your boots.
Hello sexy, moove your body!
Hi. I'm horny.
Holy Cow! You look exactly like the woman in my dream
I bet we would raise good cows together.
I have a fevah. I think I need some more cowbell...
I love making cheese, do you?
I will worship you like how they worship a cow in India?
I would love to graze your field.
I'm great at hitting the bull's eye.
I’d like to raise your barn.
I’ll trade you a juicy cantaloupe for some of your cow's horn.
I’ve never seen a cow horn so big. Impressive.
If you were a grassland, I would graze you.
Moo with me.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like It's better than yours, Damn right it's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge  I know you want it, The thing that makes me, What the guys go crazy for.
So what CAN you feed your cows and better yet, what can you hand feed me?
This may seem cheesy, but you make me really horny.
To me you're more special than Octavia the 8-legged cow.
You are so "herd" (hot+nerd).
You can milk my cow anytime.
You know cow's horn are not the only thing that is pointy.
You must be the Happy Cow from California, because I want to say CHEESE.
You will look great naked on that cow hide carpet.
Are you an angel? Because I’m a dinosaur.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I have a bone you can exam.
Are you an excavation site? Because I dig you.
Are you checking out my fangs or should I walk by again? (sabretooth tiger)
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Boy you as yummy as yellowcake, i ought to date you like Uranium-Series
C'mon Baby Light My Fire.
Can I hiber-mate with you through Ice Age?
Did I make you horny? (Triceratops)
Did you eat that tree without chewing or are you just happy to see me?
Dimetro-damn!
Do you want to read my body language?
Don’t let my tiny arms fool you.
Don’t like to beat around the bush? These are sure to do the trick:
Funny, you don't look Jurassic.
Girl, you must be a fossil sample and I must be an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
Have you ever been dinosaur kissed? Allow me to demonstrate.
Hello caveman, you are tall, dark and strong. Would you like to mate?
Hey baby, do you wanna know why they call me erectus?
Hey baby, how about you keep me at arm's length? (T-rex)
Hey Baby, I wanna see your bedrock!
Hey baby, I’m a diplodocus—want to see my diplocockus?
Hey wanna come over for some bbq whole mammoth?
Hey, I’ve just discovered a bone in my pants, and I was wondering if you could date it.
Hey, wanna come over and examine my collection of Folsom points?
How about we take this to dance floor and I'll show you the Intertubercular Groove?
I always think BC stand for Before You Came Into My Life;
I can't help but notice your beautiful hair. Mind if I club you and drag you home with me?
I couldn’t help but notice that you’re not a b-rachiosaurus, but a DD-rachiosaurus.
I know how to plesiosaur a lady/man.
I know there extra letters, but only idiot expects a caveman to spell.
I like your hotspot.
I pray to the Great Spirit that not make him die.
I'm going to cast a spell on you like Azande witch doctors
I’d like to excavate your site.
I’d wish you’d stegosaurus the night.
I’m hornier than a styracosaurus.
I’m hung like an Apatosaurus.
I’m not a megalodon, but I’ve got a mega-long-dong.
is that a club under your felt or are you just happy to see me?
Jurrassic-ing me back to your place? Okay!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Let's go make a cave baby of our own.
Let’s forget the carbon and move straight to the dating!
Let’s have some tyrannosaurus sex.
Let’s pretend you’re full of C14 so I can date you.
Looking to overcompensate? Check these out:
Me Homo Erectus! Stop laughing, that not mean me gay!
Me Makey Your Bed Go BOOM BOOM! U Go Home With Me!
Me Tarzan, you Jane.
Me teach you a new dance, the Bedrock and roll. It save Fred Flintstone's marriage after Barney did the Bamm-Bamm with Wilma in the gravel pit
My love for you shines brighter than the meteor that’s heading right for us.
My, my you are a special find.
One ankylosaurus says to another, "Hey, you wanna go clubbin’".
Rub my wool? (Mammoth)
So, wanna get dirty?
StegosaurME and StegosaurYou belong together do you get the message? (Stegosaurus)
That a new club in your loincloth or you happy to see me?
This bone may not date to the Jurassic Period, but it’s still rock hard.
Ugg
Wanna extract some minerals from my bone?
Wanna see my woolly mammoth?
Wanna share a trench?
Wanna watch my dinosaur evolve?
Wanna yabba dabba do it?
Watch Out For That Thagomizer!
We no have wheels yet? You make my head spin round.
We should carbon date because our half-life would approach eternity.
What a nice pair of platform mounds you got there!
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
When I'm around you, I am in ice age. I am hoping this will break the ice...
Why did you have to end the Ice Age by being so hot?
Why don’t we mosey-osaur over to my place?
Why don’t you Triassic a little tenderness?
Why go for the b-rachiosaurus, when you could go for the D-rachiosaurus.
Would you like to examine my bone?
Would you like to see my totem ?
You are dino-mite!
You as hairy as a mammoth; and it really turning me on!
You bring out the caveman in me.
You can dig up my bone any day./It wouldn’t take much digging to get to my bone.
You could melt an iceman's heart.
You know what they say about a dinosaur with long neck... (Apatosaurus)
You know what they say about a man with a large crest.
You know what they say about brachiosaurs: the neck’s not the only thing that’s disproportionately long.
You light me on fire; Stop it! Fire bad!
You like clubbing? Really? Hey, look over there!
You make me horny. (Triceratops)
You make my head spin round and round like a wheel.
You make my heart fly like a Pterodactyl.
You must be the La Brea tar pits, cuz I want to get my bone stuck in that.
You put the "ass" in Jurassic!
You should come home with me, because I’ll make you dino-sore.
You smell good. Want some a these fresh crunchy green grasshoppers i just caught?
You're like my Sacrum. Without you I would probably fall apart.
You’re at the triceratops of my food chain.
You’re the tricera-tops
Your beauty is more striking than the preservation of Ötzi the Iceman!
Your cave or mine?
Are you a fly guy? Because you sweep me off my feet.
Are you a termite? Because you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you good at dissecting insects? Good. There's something I want you to see inside my fly.
Bee mine.
Bee my love.
Bee my drone.
Bee my honey.
Bee my queen.
Boy: "So you going to be a butterfly all night?" Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: "You know, pretty to see but hard to catch!"
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Don't worry, that ain't web fluid. (Spider)
Every day with you is like a honeymoon.
Gimme a buzz and I'll bee yours.
Hey baby, what do you say we go out for a bite! (Mosquito)
Hi, do you dissect insects for scientific research? (No, why?) I thought you might want to look inside my fly.
High five! Oops! I guess you're stuck with me.
Honey, I'm stuck on you.
Honey, you're the bee's knees!
Honey, your thorax is huge!
How about we get together and cross pollinate?
I don't think you're ready for my royal jelly.
I got fleas! [Me, too] Wanna scratch my private itches? [Sure]
I used to waste time chasing butterflies , but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach.
I want you more than a Giant Sider wants light.
I will be happy to bite you.
I'm getting kinda hungry. Wanna have sex? (Female Praying Mantis)
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I was a fruit fly, I'd land on you first. Because you are so sweet.
If you were a bee, I'd keep you!
Is that your stinger? Or are you just pleased to see me?
My heart beeats for you.
My spidey sense isn't the only thing tingling.
Pollinate me.
So what do you say later on we go out for some coffee table? (Termite)
This might sting...
Wanna do the waggle dance?
Want to see my butt glow?
What is the difference between me and mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking once you slap it.
Yeah, my great great grandfather was Jimmy!! (Cricket)
You're bee-utiful.
You're like a butterfly beautiful to see but hard to catch.
You're so hot, you make my colony collapse!
You're sweeter than honey
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your sister said you were ugly, so keep my eyes covered and let's get on with it!
Are those fangs or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a ghost? Because you’ve been haunting my dreams.
Baby, you’re so beautiful, I’d take 1,000 bites just to get one kiss from you.
Don’t worry, I won’t impale you with a stake.
Hey big boy, I bet you can stay up all night.
Hey girl! Wanna go out for a bite.
How about joining me for a bite.
How would you like to be immortal for just one night?
I can make your heart beat again.
I can really suck the life out of you.
I love a girl with brains, but not in the zombie way.
I suck. You suck. Let’s make this a party.
I turn into an animal in bed. No really, I’m serious.
I want to suck your blood... and your toes.
I wish you were a vampire so we could do some necking.
I’m a 500 year old cougar, And the best you’ll ever have.
I’m a vampire in the streets, But a real devil in the sheets.
If I said you have a beautiful corpse, would you hold it against me?
If i was a vampire I'd bite you.
If you were a blood type you'd be my favorite.
If you were blood I'd suck you.
If you’re a vampire: I want to suck your blood. But I won’t. Edward and Bella made it work. Sorta.
If your boobs were a blood type it would be double A's
Is it true what they say about lady vampires? That they really know how to suck?
Is that a scab on your arm, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that bloodlust I’m sensing — or just lust?
Is there anything human left in you? Would you like some?
Is there room for two in your coffin?
It’s a good thing we’re not in a horror movie. The pretty girl always goes first.
It’s almost midnight. I can’t wait to see what you turn into.
One hour with me and you’ll be seeing THREE reflections in a mirror.
Rigor mortis means lasting power.
Something's wrong with my teeth. They keep thinking about your neck.
That’s a nice looking cape. It would look even nicer on the floor at the foot of my bed.
They say my blood is the sweetest. Wanna find out how the rest me tastes?
Want to find out what I turn into at midnight?
Will you turn into a bat for me? A long, hard one?
You drive me batty.
You have permission to enter me anytime.
You look dead sexy. Literally.
You look good enough to eat.
You sound English. I can show you a bloody good time.
You're like the sun you're so hot you make my blood boil.
You're so beautiful I think my heart just stopped. Wow it really did!
You’re like the sun you’re so hot you make my blood boil.
You’re so beautiful, Van Helsing wouldn’t kill you.
You’re so sexy, you make me want to whip something out — and it’s not a crucifix.
Your eyes are like my skin, sparkles in the sun.
Your life would suck without me... oh wait it will suck with me.
Are you a carbon-based model?
Are you an alien, because you abducted my heart long ago.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Didn't I just see you on YouTube?
Do you want me to probe you?
Do you work for NASA? Because you’re out of this world.
Have you eve had a close encounter of the pantless kind?
Hey baby, wanna take a ride in my saucer?
Hey, I know what your thinking, but, that's no tail...
Hi there, wanna flux?
How do I know you're not Photoshopped or CGI?
How do you debunk an alien? By throwing him/her out of bed.
I wonder what our kids would look like.
I’d like to wrap my 36 arms around you.
I’m currently experiencing 10,000 Gs of LUV.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be dark at night.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be pitch black.
If you think a meteor is hard, you should see what you are doing to my missile.
If you were a laser, you’d be set on “stunning.”
Is your dad an astronaut? Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
My planet wasn't big enough for my d***.
No, as a matter of fact, I want to see your leader.
Of all the planets in all the solar systems in all the galaxies, you walked into mine…
On my planet, we need three different beings to have sex ... but for you, I'll make an exception
Show me your muff and you will see where my mouth really is.
So what's your star sign?
So, where's Elvis?
Venus must be missing a Venusian
Want an out-of-this-world experience?
Want to join the thousand-mile-high club?
What did the Alien say to the cow? I'm gonna mootilate you!
What goes faster than the speed of light? Me getting the hell outta there when I first saw your ship!
What's a nice girl like you doing in a galaxy like this?
Where have you been, for the first 900 years of my life?
Why do so many of you show up in Vegas?
You know what's faster than the speed of light? My heart when I just think of you.
You know your eyes shine like the twin suns on my home planet.
You look familiar, have I probed you before?
Your eyes glow just like the twin suns on my home planet.
Are we in the litter box? Because I'm diggin' you.
Are you a bag of treats? Because I wanna sample you.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you feline the connection between us?
Are you one of them hot cougars that pick up young willing men?
Are you part beaver? Because daaaaam.
Baby, we only got 9 lives.
Baby, you put the T in tuna
Be mine it's meow or never
Can i spend all my 9 lives with you?
Can you take me to the vet, because you just took my breath away.
Cat call me.
Dinner and a mewvie?
Do you live in a corn field? Because I'm stalking you.
Don't be a player hating
Don't purrcrastnate just be mine
Girl you must be the back of my paw cuz i want to lick you constantly.
Hey, look what the cat dragged in
How you feline? Cause you purrfect, I’m not kitten!
I am feline (feeling)fine now i have seen you.
I have a cat, she would like to meet you.
I hope you have pet insurance, because I’m about to destroy your pussy.
I like cats more than dogs.
I like you furry much
I love cats. I heard you have a nice pussy. Can i play with her?
I will make you purrrrr!
I will pawlways love you
I'd give up one of my 9 lives for you
I'd like to get your tongue.
I'm feline fine now I have seen you.
I'm not high on nip, I'm just intoxicated with you.
I’ll make you purrrrrrrrr.
If i said you have nice fur, would you hold it against me?
If I were a cat, I'd spend all 8 lives with you
Just call me Puss in Boots
Let me take meowt on a date
Let's litter.
Let's make hisstory.
Let's make like fabric softener and snuggle.
Meet me at kitty corner.
Meet me by the dead bird.
Meet me by the mangled mouse.
Mind if I sniff your butt?
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
My love for you is like a hairball -- I can't hold it in.
My vet says I'm lacking in vitamin U.
Now that's a stray cat strut
Psst.. Hey babe, I got some nip
Show me some catnip.
Since i met you i feel like the cat who got the cream.
Tail me you love me
Tell me what makes you meow
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
Want to see some hairballs?
We'd make the purrfect couple
What's a babe like you doing in a dump like this?
Where have you been all my lives?
Will you be my meow?
You "complete meow me"
You amewse me
You must have been sleeping in the sun, because you are HOT.
You remind me off a leopard... or a tiger. Either way, I don't mind the claws
You're my pajamas.
Your the cats whiskers.
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you wanna swallow me whole.
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you a unicorn cause you are my fantasy.
Are you from Narnia? ‘cuz you sure make my lion roar.
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Did I ever mention that I'm a Navy Seal?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? (NO) Because I heard you were good at raising cocks!
Do you handle chickens because your good with cocks.
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
Do you know what a Timber wolf is? No. That's a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her in between the limbs.
Do you like bald eagles? (Yeah, why) Then spread for me!
Do you like Sea World, because your about to be in my splash zone
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Does your daddy have a pet owl? Because you are a hoot.
Does your pussy smell like fish because I like sushi
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
From a frog: Hey baby, it's a future rose from a future prince.
Girl your like a trophy bass I dont know whether to eat you or mount you!
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hey Baby did you know they call me Yoggie Bear (no why?) Because im always chasing after the Honey!
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Hey girl i heard you like snakes so let my snake sliver all over you
Hey girl, are you a pure bred, because you just Russian Blue me away.
Hey girl, where have you fin all my life?
Hi, I'm a birdwatcher and I'm looking for a Big-Breasted Bed thrasher, Do you know where i can find one?
I heard your into dinosaurs...well imma Lickalotofpuss
I must have been a real good boy, because you're a real treat.
I'm a lion: Meow
I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If you were a farmer i would let you choke my chicken
If you were a fish tank, I would tap that!
If you where a sheep I would clone you
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldn't be out in the open!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
Nice Camel....(look down then up)... Wanna hump?
Oh, I was staring at you? Buzzsted...
Polly wanna tap that
Remember Finding Nemo, because in a minute you'll be finding out I nemo p***y
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a "trouser snake"
Someone told me you like Owls, Well you'll love the way Owl give you this dick
Take me to the loony bin, because you're bacon me crazy.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name)
Yo baby, mind if I crab your ass?
You are one hoot mama!
You must be my backyard, because I really dig you.
You wanna see a donkey show?
You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
Your breast must be made of sand, because I want to bury my head in them.
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
Girl, I'll make you so wet I won't even need to be in the ocean. But, can we go to the ocean?, 'cause, yeah, I need to be in the ocean.
Hi. I'm Batman.
I may be Batman, but you're Robin my heart
I may be blind, but my braille skills tell me you've got some fine humps.
I'm Bruce Wayne.
There's a reason they call me Bat man – if you know what I mean…okay, I'm talkin' about my penis.
Wanna meet Alfred?
We can do it in the bat-mobile.
Do you wish to compute?
I'm lonely; wanna probe?
Maybe you should let my fist of fury invade your secret lair
You know what girl, I can hit all the right spots.
If you're lady liberty. Can I be your Captain America?
Sure I defeated Red Skull…twice today. Because that's what I call masturbation.
When I'm done with you, you'll be singing God Bless Captain America
Come with me to the dark side. Unless you enjoy sex with the lights on.
I call him Little Deadpool. He breaks down the fourth wall and your bed.
I can utilize 90% of my brain, but baby, you can do all the work.
Hey baby, want to see what the REAL Ultimate Nullifier looks like?
Four sweatervests!
I'm stretchy like my spandex onesie.
Whadda you say we call The Thing And The Invisible Woman and have a Fantastic Foursome?
Don't worry, babe. I'm only quick on my feet.
Hi, I'm The Flash, AAAAAAND…we just had sex, 47 times.
Can you leap over tall buildings in a single bound? Because you'll need that ability to be on top
Damn girl, do you think about your mother with those thoughts? Because now I have an idea…
Do you know how good it feels without a cape?
Do you wanna know how I got these scars? Oral.
Have you ever been taken up against a wall? How about a wall 40 feet in the air?
I am so into you that I would totally catch you before you hit the ground if you fell off of a building.
I would finger you, but I would disembowel you by accident so may be just fuck me
I'll bet you're a Beast in the bedroom.
It's a bird, it's plane, it's me leaving your house the next morning!
Not everything's mutated, if you know what I'm sayin'
On your mark, get set, glow!
We've lived a thousand lives, and fallen in love every time. It's okay if you don't remember. Just trust me.
You know how when I touch you, I become sort of like you? Well, have you ever considered bottoming?
Look, it's a long story. But yes, the green arrow.
In brightest day, in darkest night, I'll rub you down and do you right.
Just follow the light.
We will have a good time by the power of … Greyskull, yeah, that's it! Greyskull!
I want to shoot my arrow into your Hawkeye.
They call me He- Man because of me and my giant dick.
I'm really into BDSM–you'll really like me when I get angry
Imma Hulk SMASH that pussy!
Put me in the right mood, and I can be a beast in bed. Literally.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Go easy on me, okay? I sometimes burst into flames.
I hope you don't mind heat, 'cause I've got a strong urge to get my flame on.
Was your daddy the Human Torch, ‘cuz you on FIRE, Girl.
My metal suit isn't the only reason they call me Iron Man.
My name is Tony Stark, and yes, my tower is as impressive as they say it is.
Will you be my… Iron Maiden?
I wanna go all '50 Shades of Jean Grey' on your fine ass.
When I kissed you, I saw fireworks. Or Jubilee. Either way.
Nothing stops the Juggernaut.....from getting inside that booty!
If you give me your phone number, I will allow you to retain your individuality when my Doomsday device enslaves all humanity.
Hi. I'm Tom Hiddleston.
I am Loki from Asgard, and I am burdened with GLORIOUS purpose! NOW KNEEL!!! Yeah, right down there, Baby…that's right, you get down on your knees and take it aaaaaalllll…
Hey girl. I can teach you a thing or two about attraction.
Ever gotten a telepathic orgasm from a man in a wheelchair?
Wanna advance human-mutant relationships?
Riddle Me This: 'If I asked you to be my girlfriend, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?'
SHAZAM! Here's my penis.
This ring can make any thought I have into a construct, but babe, you're better than any thought.
People of Eternia! I stand before the Great Eye of the galaxy. Chosen by destiny to join with this beautiful woman standing before my empty eye-sockets! This inevitable moment will transpire before your eyes, even as He-Man himself bears witness to it. Now. I, Skeletor, will make this woman my eternal lover! YES! Yes... I feel it, the sexual tension... fills me. Yes, I feel the tension within me! KNEEL BEFORE YOUR MASTER!
Ever used a sex swing made of spiderwebs?
I take the 69 to a whole new level.
I'd spray my webs all over you, girl. All over.
I've gotten a lot better at catching women who've been thrown off bridges.
You must be a bad girl, because my Spidey senses sure are tingling south.
You must be a fly, 'cause I want to wrap you up and take you to my web.
Oh, you can conjure a storm? Well you're conjuring a storm in my pants right now
Be mine or die.
Did it hurt when you got kicked out of heaven because your the evil angel for me?
I am your world to rule my love.
I can conquer countries, worlds and galaxies. But you are my ultimate conquest.
I will rule the world.
We shall conquer our world together.
As it happens, the suit does come off.
As the last survivor of Krypton, I have a duty to make sure my race doesn't end with me.
Did I hit you with my heat vision? Because you are on fire.
Did it hurt–when I looked in your eyes and forgot I had laser vision and seared your corneas?
Do you have heat vision, too? Because you can melt my heart with just a look.
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air?
Excuse me, I'm from another planet. Can you teach me about human anatomy?
Girl, I want you so bad that I'm a Man of Steel. Just look down my pants and you'll see.
Hey, baby, wanna come back to my fortress of solitude?
I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heaven.
I can see anything within miles of here, but there's nothing I'd rather look at than you.
I could be anywhere on the planet 30 seconds from now... wanna come along for the ride?
I think your clothes are made of Kryptonite, we've got to get rid of them immediately.
I've flown right up to the surface of the sun, but that doesn't compare to what I felt when I first looked at you.
It's a good thing I've got freeze breath, because you look dangerously hot.
Let's go back to your place and I'll show you where I keep my wallet.
My aura can make anything invulnerable as long as I keep it really close.
My weakness isn't Kryptonite, it's your ass
They call me the Man of Steel. Well, at least, parts of me are anyways.
They say I can do just about anything, but I wish I had the power to look that good!
They say I'm faster than a speeding a bullet. Want to find out?
Wanna go see the wonders of the world?
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Man of Steel?
You know, I can hold my breath for 20 minutes...
You know, I once lifted a whole rocket into orbit. Wanna find out how high I can take you?
You know, if I hold someone really close, they become invulnerable. Wanna help me find out if I can transfer any other powers?
You must be made of Kryptonite because being around you makes my knees weak.
You'll be surprised to find that I really have no weakness, especially in my "crib tonight".
Ever hook up with a god? Didn't think so.
I'm gonna do you so hard you'll be Thor the next day.
Mjolnir isn't the only hammer I've got
BACK OFF HARVEY! I SAW HER FIRST!!
Wanna have a threesome?
Want to see what I can do with my tongue?
Going to bed, eh? I suppose you wouldn't mind if I Slytherin..
My name is War Machine, but the only war I fight is my love for you
I'm the best there is at whom I do.
Your Wonder Twins are activating that sweater, Baby.
Do you even know what I can do with ben-wa balls and my magnetism powers?
Oh, you will kneel before Zodd…
A good captain goes down with his ship, wanna go down with me?
All hands on deck!
Anchor's away.
Approach your target and place your arm on their nearest shoulder: If you were a pirate, would you place your parrot on THIS shoulder or...(put your arm around them and touch the other shoulder) THIS shoulder?
Arg baby, Arg.
Arharrr, care to sink my battleship deary?
Arrrrrrrrrrrrr you free this Saturday?
Avast, me pretty! Strike your panties and prepare to be boarded. 
Avast, me proud beauty! Wanna know why my Roger is so Jolly?
Aye, I guarantee ye, I've had a twenty percent decrease in me "lice ratio!" (Female Pirate)
Baby, my ship was sunk till I saw you.
Baby, you unfurl my sails.
Bring on the storm, I like it rough.
Brwaack! Polly want a cracker? … Oh, wait. That's for Talk Like a PARROT Day.
C'mon, lad, shiver me timbers! (Female Pirate)
Can I wear your patch ?
Come dock in my port.
Come on up and see me urchins.
Come show me how ye bury yer treasure, lad! (Female Pirate)
Do ya' mind if the parrot watches? 
Do you have the latest copy of Windows XP with cracked product activation? (software pirates only) 
Haaaarrrr! Best me plug that blowhole!
Harrrrr! Let me create the 8th sea in yerr undies!
Have ya ever met a man with a real yardarm?
Hey, sexy -- how about a Jolly Rogering? 
How'd you like to scrape the barnacles off of me rudder?
I got a bad case of scurvy…and your grapefruits are the only cure
I got me a bad case of scurvy, and your grapefruits are the only cure!
I hope you like to matey, because I'm about to swab your deck.
I like me some pirate booty.
I must be huntin' treasure, 'cause I'm diggin' yer chest!
I sure would like to pillage yer booty.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd swab your deck any day.
I'll be the captain if you be my first mate.
I'll beat your armada any day.
I'll bet you can't find my buried treasure. 
I'll give you a British pound and two gold coins.
I'll let you in on a big secret... that's no peg leg!
I'll pillage your ship!
I've crushed seventeen men's skulls between me thighs! (Female Pirate)
I've sailed the seven seas, and you're the sleekest schooner I've ever sighted.
Imma cut to the chase…you wanna hook-up?
Is that a belayin' pin in yer britches, or are ye... (Female Pirate)
Is that a cutlass in your pants or aarrrrrrrrrrrr you just happy to see me treasure chest?
Is that an 'X' on the seat of your pants? Because it appears that there's wond'rous booty buried underneath!
It may take a while to get to England in a row boat, but good things take time.
It would make me Jolly if we could Roger.
Just because one eye is patched doesn't mean I don't see how beautiful you are.
Let me stick me cannon in your porthole.
Let's get together and haul some keel.
Let's have a treasure hunt, cause X marks the spot.
Let's walk the plank to an out of this world experience.
Let's weigh anchor.
Me skull and crossbones arn't the only thing I plan on raisin' tonight. 
Nice poop deck on ya, lassie. Care fer a swabbin'? 
Not only do I have a ship, but it's a long one.
One look at you and a shiver went up me timber
Pardon me, but would ya mind if I fired me cannon through your porthole?
Polly wants a crack-whore.
RAMMING SPEED! (Female Pirate)
See this hook? Variable speed with five alternate attachments, Baby. 
So you're the new cabin boy, eh? 
So, tell me, why do they call ye, ""Cap'n Feathersword?"" (Female Pirate)
Strike yer panties and prepare to be boarded, lassie!
Swabbing the decks IS a euphemism. (The author's would like to thank Hetalia: Axis Powers for the preceding line.)
That's not an echo, my parrot thinks you're sexy too.
That's quite a cutlass ye got thar, what ye need is a good scabbard! (Female Pirate)
That's some treasure chest you've got there.
That's the finest pirate booty I've ever laid eyes on.
They don't call me Long John because my head is so big.
Wanna come back to my home port and see my dock?
Wanna see my Davie Jones?
Wanna shiver me timbers?
Wanna take a ride in my crows nest?
Want to see my 9mm?
Well blow me down?
Well call me a landlubber, 'cause I'm about to plunder your Treasure Island.
What are YOU doing here? (Female Pirate)
WOW! I bet we could fit SIXteen men on that chest! 
Ya certainly put the shiver in me timber!
Ya know, darlin', I'm 97 percent chum free.
Yer guilty of being a hot wench. I sentence you to walking my plank!
Yes, that is a hornpipe in my pocket and I am happy to see you.
Yo ho ho! How bout a bottle Of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo ho! Bottle of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo, ho ho! How 'bouts a bottle of rum?
Yo, ho! Bottle of rum? 
You blow my cannons.
You can lock my in your brig, baby.
You can sail my seven seas. 
You don't have to pay to get on board my ship.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You raise my Jolly Roger.
You want to adjust my rigging?
You. Pants Off. Now! (Female Pirate)
You're drinking a Salty Dog? How'd you like to try the real thing?
You're guilty of being a hot wench…i sentence you to walking my plank
You're just the tasty wench I've been keeping me eye out for! 
2500 years is not *that* much of an age difference!
Baby, I'd be a cotton-headed ninny muggins to let you go.
Banging Banging's my favorite
Did I miss any??
Do you have Elf in you? Would you like to?
Do you prefer it with the Light of Earendil on, or off?
Dobby will always protect you from STI's.
Even Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Girl, you just gave me Mirkwood.
Has anyone ever told you you have beautiful knees?
He's gay.
Hey babe, I'm free on Christmas Eve.
I can eat my weight in cocktail wieners
I can get you off the naughty list
I don’t wiggle my ears for just anyone, you know.
I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man.
I have certain needs that can't be satisfied by working on toys
I hear we're both into dwarves.
I invented the Naughty List…
I may be claymation, but I'm stiff where it counts.
I taught Santa everything he knows.
I think I just got struck by Cupid’s antler… And yes, I mean "antler".
I used to be a lawn ornament for Brad Pitt.
I was once a lawn ornament for ‘NSync. Want to meet them?
I was once a lawn ornament for John Bon Jovi
I'm a magical being. Take off your bra.
I'm an excellent shot. I *always* hit what I aim for.
I'm down here
I'm not Elmo, but don't stop tickling.
I've got the keys to the sleigh tonight.
I've mastered the "Elvish Tongue"... Want a demonstration?
I’m a magical being. Can I try to make your top and bra disappear?
If you're lucky, I'll put you on the naughty list.
Is it chilly in here? 'Cuz you give me snow flurries!
Is that Lembas bread or are you just happy to see me?
Just because a guy wears tights and pointy slippers doesn't mean 
Just because I’ve got bells on my shoes, doesn’t mean I’m a sissy.
Let's go back to my sweet pad. I've got a waterbed. Wink.
Mistress provides Dobby with clothes? Naughty.
My candy canes are ribbed for your pleasure.
My nose may be cold, but my heart is warm.
My treehouse or yours?
Nice tunic! It would look great on the floor by my bed.
Nice view from down here!
No, no. I don’t bake cookies. You’re thinking of those dorks over at Keebler.
Not everything about me is tiny!
People tell me I look like Cupid.
Santa’s busy... You can sit on my lap!
That's quite a set of ornaments you've got there.
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is to orgasm loud for all to hear.
There're plenty more arrows where that came from.
There's a reason why they stopped calling us "The Little People".
There’s no height limit on love!
Tiny hands give better backrubs.
Trust me; I'm a good stocking stuffer.
We don't see many happenin' ladies north of the Arctic Circle.
Why, yes, I AM George Stephanopoulos.
Yeah it's pointy too.
You bring out the Yeti in me!
You know what they say about guys with big ears.
You, me, Santa, and the Mrs. whaddya say?
You'd look great in a Raggedy Ann wig.
You're so sweet I'd put you on my spaghetti.
Your eyes are as green as the moss that grows on rotting trees.
