Are you from Tennessee? Because I need whisky approaching hot girl like you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you are the only 10 I see.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you got the sexy accent.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you one zero I see!
Babe are you from Tennessee? I was starting to doubt that it's a real state.
Come Back: No im from alabama
Come Back: Too bad you are a one.
Come Back: Yeah baby, i'd give you one... out of ten
Girl are you from Tennessee? Because I’ve got a 10 incher that you gotta see.
Hey girl are you from Tennessee? Because I was wondering if you’d still be interested in me if I wasn’t your cousin.
Twist: Are you from Tennessee? Because those teeth are the only ten I see.
Are you an app? Because your life isn't complete until I drop my plugin.
Babe did you drop something? It's a VIP ticket to a breakfast in bed at my place.
Babe, the only thing I ain't dropping is my standards. And that is why the only one I want is you.
Babe, what did you drop? Because I am about to pick you up.
Did you drop something? *Hand her your phone number.
Did you drop something? Oh sorry that was just my jaw.
Do you like role playing? Because I want to hit on you until your loot drops.
Excuse me, you dropped something. Your standards. Hi I am just right for you.
Girl, did you drop something? Because here's the $100 that my friend bet that you wouldn't go out with me tonight.
Girl, you are not the girl to drop your standards. And that is why I am the only guy here for you tonight.
Girl, you just air dropped into my world.
Hey girl, you dropped something. My pants.
The only thing dropping tonight is our clothes, not our standards.
You dropped something today. Your smile.
You dropped something yet? Because you are about to drop your panties for me.
A - U r Attractive B - U r the Best C - U r Cute D - U r Dear.
A B wanna C my D?
Are you sales? Because we will always ABC, always be closing.
Babe want to ABC party at my place?
Babe, are you ready to experience my tongue ABC?
Babe, by the time I am done with your, you will forget your ABC's and only go for the O's.
Babe, I got no ABC's in my dictionary, I only got DTF.
Babe, I will give you special ABC treatment tonight.
Can I sing my ABC's to you? A, because you're Awesome. B, because you're Beautiful. C, because you're Confident. And I'll give you a D, because you deserve it.
Do you know the ABC's of love? Let me spell it for you with my tongue tonight.
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Girl, are you ABC? Because I want to be your XYZ and make you come to an end.
Girl, did you have my ABC today yet? A Big Cock.
Girl, you take me back to elementary school. I say my ABC’s to you.
Hey look I can say the alphabet A,B,C ,E. Oh look I forgot the D in you.
I can sing my ABC's to you, until you sing omg back to me.
I heard that in these times it's important to take vitamins. I don't have A, B or C but I can give you the D.
The alphabet begins with abc, numbers begin with 123, music begins with doremi, and love begins with you and me.
The drunker you are, the funnier I become. ABC did research.
Did It Hurt Comeback: No because I landed on your face.
Did It Hurt Comeback: Not as much as this conversation.
Did it hurt comeback: No because I came from hell.
Did it hurt when they manufactured you in heaven?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because I am your perfect down to earth type of guy.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because you are missing a man to catch your fall.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause I can treat you right.
Did it hurt when you fell from that vending machine? Because you look like a snack.
Did it hurt when you fell from the sacred realm?
Did it hurt when you fell from the sky or have I finally made it to Heaven.
Did it hurt? Because you have been riding me all night in my mind.
Did it hurt? When you clawed your way out of your grave?
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
Do your calves hurt? Because you've been running tired  through my mind all day.
Does your face hurt? Because your smile is forever engrained in my mind.
Girl are you ready to get naughty? Because did it hurt when you fell from the heavens?
I want to pound you like I pound the asphalt: For hours until it hurts.
People ask if it hurt when you fell from heaven...But maybe you just got back from hell. Because you are smoking hot.
Scared you'll get hurt like you did last time? I will never hurt you.
What's the difference between you and the sun? The sun hurts my eyes.
Babe, guess what would look good on you? Me.
Babe, I don't need to guess to know that you are the one I want tonight.
Can I guess what your name is? If I guess wrong can I just call you mine?
Come here. I just made you come with my voice. Guess what I can with my hands.
Girl, guess what lasts forever? My love for you.
Guess if you are one of the boys, I must be homosexual.
Guess what I am wearing tonight. I guess nothing if you come over.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.
Guess what is my favorite tea? I would say you Hot tea.
Guess what my doctor told me. Laughter is the best medicine. I guess you bring the smile to my face.
Guess what the doctor just told me. I need some sunshine so that's why I got you to brighten my day.
Guess what the only superhero I want to be? YourMan.
Guess what, I can tell how much you weigh. Only if you sit on top of me.
Guess what, you are only a 9 out of 10 in my book. Because I am the one for you.
Guess who? You, because out of all the girls I picked you.
Guess why I am standing here? Because I want to be your Mr. Right.
Guess you won't be wearing any pajamas tonight. Because you will want to take them off.
Hey guess what I am drinking tonight. Nothing because I am already drunk on you.
Hey guess you can kiss heaven goodbye. Because it has to be a sin to look that good.
I bet you a dollar I can kiss you on the mouth without touching your lips. *kisses her on the lips* - I guess I owe you a dollar
I guess you are too hot for Tinder. Because my phone just overheated at your picture.
I'll guess your weight if you sit on my face. If I am wrong, guess I will eat the difference.
All the alphabets of ABCs suit you, girl. You are amazing from A, brilliant from B, and cute from C, and I will give you a D because you deserve it.
Alphabet starts with ABC, but our love starts with U and Me.
Are you the Alphabet. Because you are my A-Z.
Are you the alphabet. Because you make up every written word in my world.
Babe, I cook the best alphabet soup. Because you gonna be choking on my D.
Babe, there are only two letters to describe me in the alphabet. E Z.
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Do you know your alphabets? Spell Me.
Girl, are you the alphabet. Because all I can think and write about is you.
I don't know how to spell. I thought happiness starts from H. But it really starts from U.
I know every letter in the alphabet. And I just wish that I know u better.
I thought I knew every alphabet letters. But tonight. I realized that I never knew U.
I want to teach you the alphabet. After tonight you cannot tell the difference between U and I.
If i could choose any alphabet. I would still choose u.
If I could rearrange the alphabet. I'd put U and I a few letters apart. We still need our personal space.
If I could rearrange the letters of the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
If I were a letter in the alphabet I'd be a Q, because I will always be next to you.
If you were two letters of the alphabet You would be a Q T.
My favorite letters in the alphabet is F, C, K. And guess what else I need.
My life is the alphabet. Without U, it's incomplete.
Only 8 letters in the alphabet matter to me. U R A Q T, U N I.
There's 20 letters in alphabet. Because you took away U R A Q T. And I got the D for you.
Want to do the alphabet? R U D T F?
Alphabet pick up line come back. I like it the way it is, with N and O together.
Alphabet pick up line come back. ABCDenied.
Alphabet pick up line come back. If i could rearrange the alphabet, i'll put F-T-R-E together and enjoy a future without U.
Alphabet pick up line comeback. I would put B Y E together.
Babe you look familiar, beautiful. beautiful is the word.
Babe, you look familiar, because I have been thinking about you all my life.
Did we go to high school together, or do you look familiar because I'm already in love with you?
Excuse me you look familiar. Are you a famous basketball player?
Girl you look familiar, because I see you in my future.
Girl you look familiar, have you ever ride a bull before?
Girl, you look familiar, but I can only make sure after I take your clothes off.
Girl, you look very familiar, perhaps we have met in another life.
Let's get familiar with each other's body of work.
You are familiar from somewhere. We have met in our dreams.
You look familiar comeback: Do you want a lot of porn?
You look familiar comeback: I know, I killed you once before?
You look familiar comeback: Like your dead girlfriend?
You look familiar comeback: So, you have seen me stalking you.
You look familiar comeback: That's because I have rejected you many times already.
You look familiar did we have a class before? I could swear we had chemistry.
Hey you look familiar, are you from this town?
You look familiar, because you look just like my next girlfriend!
You look familiar, have I probed you before?
Why do you look so familiar, have we met before?
You look familiar, maybe we've seen each other around, where do you usually go?
Have we met before? You look familiar.
You look familiar. From all those dreams I have about you.
You look familiar. Have we kissed before? No? Well, we should.
You look familiar. Maybe I follow you on Instagram.
You look familiar. Maybe I follow you on Twitter. Do you know who you look like?
You look familiar. Weren't you in my bed last night? Or was that tomorrow night?
You look so familiar! I swear I've seen you before. OH that's right! In my piggie bank. Cause you a Dime.
You look so familiar, I think we've met in my dream. It must be the clothes confusing me, mind taking them of so I can cream.
You look so familiar. Well, I were thinking about my future girlfriend earlier!
Are you my morning coffee? Because you fill me with energy.
Are you the morning goddess? Because everything about you is divine.
Babe, do you want to be filled with some fresh life energy in the morning?
Babe, I don't need no breakfast in bed when I just want to feast on your beauty.
Babe, I would be your morning alarm.
Babe, if you can handle my cheesy pick up lines at night, you can definitely handle my morning glory.
Babe, the sunlight isn't the only thing spreading for me this morning.
Babe, you inspire me to my former glory every morning.
Babe, you made my day in the morning, my day is complete with you.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Baby you hit the snooze button better than anyone I know.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you're looking magically delicious.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, ’cause I want to know what kind of pancakes to make you in the morning.
Do you want to be my morning? I could make you come after every night!
Don't leave too early...the last thing I want to say to you before we part is Good morning.
Every minute spent with you tonight is a minute well spent. Good Morning.
Excuse me, I think I left my jacket on your bedroom floor. Oh, shoot. I messed it up again. That’s tomorrow morning!
Girl, I know the perfect breakfast for you. Cheesy pick up lines, hot sausage patty, and let's finish it with some tasty cream for your coffee.
Girl, would you like my special cream in your morning coffee?
Girl, you do not need any coffee when you got me to wake you up in the morning.
Good morning babe, you are my sweetest dream come true.
Good morning girl, I hope that your day was sweet as yours.
Good morning hottie!
Good morning love. You are my blessing from the heavens above.
Good morning sexy! Can’t wait to set my eyes on you again tonight.
Good morning, you are the reason I wake up every day.
Good night! I shall miss you til morning.
Hello my beautiful, Good Morning and I'm thinking of you.
Hey so you want to see some magic? You and I will go to your place and I’ll disappear in the morning.
Honey, your smile makes the morning seem dark.
How do you like your eggs in the morning? Scrambled, over-easy, or fertilized?
I can't wait till the day I can wake up right next to you.
I didn't have enough of you last night, can I have more tomorrow morning?
I feel like eating out this morning, want to come to my place?
I have been dreaming about you all night, and my morning seeing you is as good as can be.
I hope your morning is as bright as your smile.
I just woke up and you’re already on my mind.
I know "Good Morning" in 5 different languages. Which do you want to hear tomorrow ?
I like dreaming, with you by my side, my sweetest dream would never disappear in the morning.
I love our mornings together, because it points to another day with you in my life.
I love you in the morning, in the middle of the day, in the hours we are together, and the hours we are apart.
I need you as much as I need my morning cup of coffee.
I really like that shirt on you. But I think it would look better in the morning on my living room floor.
I want to wake up in the same bed as you for the rest of my life.
I would say Good Morning to you, but I already have you in my mind as soon as I woke up.
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
I’m not really a breakfast in bed person. But I would be if my breakfast were you.
I’ve been dreaming about you all night and already my morning is as good as can be.
If you can't make good morning coffee, its ok cause i got you as my morning coffee.
If you were a worm, I’d be a bird. The early bird gets the worm.
I'm not a morning person, until the day I work up next to you.
Is it morning yet? I couldn’t tell if it’s light out or if it’s your beauty lighting the room.
Is that the sun coming up? Or is that just you lighting up my day?
Let me wake you up for the rest of my life.
Let’s spend the night together. And to make sure we won’t regret it in the morning, what do you say we sleep till noon?
May you have a morning as beautiful as your eyes!
Morning cereals, soup, you. Those are the things I want to spoon.
My friend over there really wants your number so they know where to get a hold of me in the morning.
My mornings with you are better than hitting the snooze button.
My secret to happiness, is to see you every morning.
Rise and shine babe! I will light you up with some sweet afterglow.
Roses are red, daisies are fine. Come this morning and I’ll make you mine.
Roses are red, violets are blue. There’s nothing better than a morning with you.
Should I call you in the morning or just poke you?
Should I text you tomorrow morning, or do you want me to wake you up with my kisses?
Words just aren’t enough to tell you how special you are to me. I love you. Good Morning baby.
You are what is making every morning worth waking up for.
You look cold in the morning. Want to use me as a blanket?
You’re the only morning glory I need.
