A Diamond is Forever
A kiss upon the hand of someone you truly love, is more beautiful, and more valuable than any diamond or gem could ever be.
Are you a ruby? Because you are both beautiful and intelligent.
Are you an Amber? Because I want to be inside you like the mosquito in Jurassic Park.
Are you an amethyst? Because I need you to control my evil thoughts.
Are you strategically arranged carbon atoms? Because you shine like a diamond.
Baby, are you an aquamarine crystal ball? Because I can see myself in you.
Baby, you are like alexandrite, because you are beautiful under all different lighting.
Hey baby, what is your birthstone?
I must be a diamond now, because you just gave me a hardness of 10
I need a red garnet stone to help cure my heart palpitations from looking at you.
I think God took a brown topaz gem and made your eyes out of it.
I think God took an emerald stone and made your eyes out of it.
I think God took the pigment out of an aquamarine and put it in your eyes.
I'm looking for diamonds. Can I go deep into your mine?
If I can be a gemstone, I would be a garnet, so you can wear me to keep you health.
If I can be a gemstone, I would carved it into a heart shape and give it to you.
Is your birthday in April? Because you are a diamond.
Is your birthday in August? Because you are a peridot.
Is your birthday in December? Because a zircon.
Is your birthday in February? Because you are an amethyst.
Is your birthday in January? Because you are a garnet.
Is your birthday in July? Because you are hot like a ruby.
Is your birthday in June? Because you are an alexandrite.
Is your birthday in March? Because you are an aquamarine.
Is your birthday in May? Because you are an emerald.
Is your birthday in November? Because you are a topaz.
Is your birthday in October? Because you are a tourmaline.
Is your birthday in September? Because you are a sapphire.
My love for you is like a garnet – eternally.
Please accept this Kunzite stone, because it represents my eternal love for you.
Ruby are red. Sapphire are blue. You are a gem that is hard to find.
You are a diamond, but I bet I could break you.
You are a gem!
You are flawless like a diamond.
You have some nice jewelry.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
You must be a black diamond, because you are out of this world.
You must be a blue sapphire, because it is destiny that we meet.
You must be an emerald, because I see eternal youth.
You must be an ruby, because you outshine all the girls in the room.
You remind me of a diamond necklace, because you sure sparkle and shining bright.
Your eyes are as blue as the aquamarine stone. They are so clear I can see the ocean.
Your green eyes shine like a emerald.
Your neck looks empty. Would you like a pearl necklace on you?
