Are you ketchup? Because I wanna stick my fries into you.
Are you potato? Because I can eat you with skin on.
Babe, do you want some fries with that shake?
Can I dip my fries in your sauce?
Do you like French Fries? Because I deep fry good.
Girl, are you fries? Because I would like you at my side.
Hi, are you fries? Because I wanna French you.
I love French fries but I love you more.
I'll eat you out like the fries from In-N-Out Burger. Animal Style.
Is that a large fry in your pocket, or are you just excited to see me?
Nice spuds you got there.
We go together like a burger and fries.
Would you like fries or my number with burger today?
You are a fine potato. And I am going to fry your brain out tonight.
You must be French fries because I want to ketchup you.
You're the ketchup to my fries.
You've got the whole package. Cheeseburger, chicken nuggets and French fries.
Are you a bacon? Because strippers about to get naked.
Are you bacon? Because I want to make pigs in a blanket inside you.
Are you bacon? Because I'd love to roll you up.
Are you bacon? Because the smell of you in the morning drives me crazy.
Babe you bacon me crazy.
Babe, I want your honey on my bacon.
Baby, your bacon my eggs!
Baby, your face is like bacon. I want to wrap it around my meat!
Bacon isn't gonna be the only piece of meat in your mouth tonight.
Bae= bacon and eggs.
Breakfast in bed? Because my bacon is hard and ready to go.
Don’t go bacon my heart.
Girl I will bring home the bacon tonight.
Girl, I got the bacon and I am missing some eggs on top of me.
Girl, you are so hot you turn my soft sausage into crisp bacon.
Hey baby, I want to fry my bacon in your hot sizzling body tonight.
I am craving some bacon? Wanna strip?
I hope you like bacon, because women call me a pig.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
If you were a food, you’d be bacon, because you’re juicy and tasty.
I'll bring the bacon if you bring the eggs.
Is your name bacon? Because I love bacon.
I've got bacon.
Would you like Steak or Eggs with your Bacon?
You can butter my bacon, baby!
Are you a cow? Because it's milking time.
Are you a dairy farmer? Because I’ve got something you can milk.
Are you breakfast? Because you go good with milk.
Are you fresh milk? Because I need you dairy.
Are you lactose intolerant? It's OK because my cream is dairy free.
Are you milk? Because I wanna churn your insides and make it feel like melting butter.
Are you milk? Because you ain't complete until I insert my Vitamin D.
Are you ready for some milkshake out of that milk jug of yours?
Are you Santa? Because I’m ready for all that milk in my cookie.
Babe, let's turn my cheesy pick up lines into fresh milk in bed.
Baby, we'll never have to run to groceries for milk.
Call me Milk, because I will do your body good.
Did you just take a milk bath? Your skin are so soft and smooth.
Do you know the different between you and cow? None because I will milk you either way.
Do you know what’s the difference between me and you? You can’t milk these.
Girl are you milk? Because I don't want 1% or 2%, I want the whole of you.
Girl, are you a coconut? Because I’m wondering what that milk tastes like.
Girl, be my Ms. Potato and I'll smash your and pour milk all over you.
Girl, I got a snake that you could milk.
Girl, I want to milk you with my mouth.
Girl, I want to put some milk in you.
Girl, you are so sweet, how about you bring the honey and I'll bring my milk.
Got milk? I do!
Got milk? I will fill you up inside and outside.
Have you ever milked a cow before? Because your going to need a bucket for this bull.
Hey are you my chocolate milk. Because I’d drink every last drop of you.
Hey girl are you milk. Because you're making my bone big and strong.
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
I’m going to call you an omelette. Because you look like you’ve got milk and fresh eggs
If beauty was a drop of milk, you would be a cow.
If you a were a cow I'd never forget to milk you.
If you are milk, you are definitely a nonfat milk.
I'm an amazing chef. Give my eggs and milk and I will give you my amazing sausage.
Is that your milk letdown reflex or are you just happy to see me?
Let’s just say that when I’m done with you tonight, you’ll be producing powdered milk.
Milk does a body good. But Damn girl what you been drinking?
My name's Coco. Would you like to try my nut milk?
Want some non-dairy organic milk?
Whoa girl, do you own a dairy farm? Because you got some nice calves!
Your milkshake brought this boy to your yard.
You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast.
Are you a PowerPuff Girl? Because you’re sweet, spicy, and nice.
Are you spicy? Because you spice up my life.
Babe, I want to wrap around you like some hot and spicy burrito.
Babe, you must be spicy. Because you are hot sauce.
Can you handle spicy food? Because your ass must handle my heat.
Did you put hot sauce on yourself? Because you are spicy & hot!
Do you eat spicy food? Because my hot sausage is going to burn going in and coming out.
Do you have some hot sauce? Because girl you are spicy.
Do you like it hot and spicy?
Girl I got the spicy food. Your mouth will love it but your bum might not.
Girl you so hot. And i'm lookin to snack on something spicy.
Girl you spicy? Because I want some hot sauce on my sausage.
Girl, are you spicy food? Because I feel the heat down there.
Girl, I want to taste your spicy sauce any time.
Girl, you must be one spicy food. Because you are hot going in, even hotter coming out.
I wanna add someone as spicy as you to my meal!
I’d love to taste those spicy meatballs of yours.
You are like pizza, spicy and cheesy.
You are so hot, it's spice at first sight.
You must be one spicy dish because you’re making my heart burn.
You must be spicy food, because my mouth wants you but my heart cannot take the heat.
You remind me of spicy food, because you're making me sweat while my heart burns.
Your taco meat looks spicy. Can I stuff your muff?
Are you an egg? Because the moment I see you, my smile turns sunny side up for breakfast.
Are you breakfast, because I miss you often.
Are you breakfast? Because I need you to start my day.
Are you breakfast? I want to do breakfast with you.
Are you pancakes? Because I just wanna stack on top of you.
Babe, I got the syrup you need all over your stacks of pancakes.
Babe, you so hot you turn my sausage into bacon.
Baby, your bacon my eggs!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you're looking magically delicious.
Do you open for breakfast?
Girl, my sausage wants to be with your eggs.
Got breakfast? Because you are good with milk.
Hey baby, I'd like to French your toast.
I have a much better grand finale planned for you, I'll even buy you breakfast.
I like breakfast in bed, so why don't you just come sit on my face?
I really want to flip your pancakes.
I wanna butter your toast and eat you for breakfast.
I'd like to eat breakfast with you. Can I invite you to dinner?
If it's true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
If you come over for dinner. I’ll make you breakfast.
If your left leg was breakfast and your right leg was lunch, I know I am having brunch this weekend.
I'll bring the bacon if you bring the eggs.
I'm going to make you breakfast...Omelet you suck this dick.
Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you?
Let's have breakfast tomorrow - in bed.
My sausages are cold, could you warm them up?
Oh you got a boyfriend? Perfect he can make us breakfast in the morning.
Since you're staying for breakfast, how do you like your eggs? Scrambled or fertilized?
Wanna go on a date? Wanna maybe do dinner a movie then...Breakfast?
You are my breakfast.
You brought me dinner, can I bring you breakfast in bed?
You scramble my eggs and I'll fertilize yours.
You’re bacon me crazy!
You’re like breakfast to me. I cannot imagine to start the day without eating you up.
Your so fine, I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast.
You're a full bodied breakfast tea.
You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast.
Are you a jar of pickles? Because I'd like to bang you on the counter.
Are you a pickle? Because I eat pickles with everything.
Are you a pickle? Because I want to dill with you.
Are you about to become a pickle? Because you're a cutecumber
Are you baiting me with that pickle? Because your legs are ajar.
Babe, I will shove my cucumber into your pickling jar any night.
Do you offer jarring experience? Because you turn my cucumber into a pickle inside.
Forget growing old together, let's pickle ourselves together.
Girl, you don't need no vibrator when you got this Pickled Dick.
Hey gorgeous, can I pickle myself in you.
How long have you been pickling these cucumbers?
I don't care if you are a pickle or a cucumber. I will always eat you up.
I love making pickles, do you?
I ran out of my pickled summer garden vegetables. Can I have yours?
I’ll give you a nickel if. You tickle my pickle.
Is that a pickle in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Let's have a pickling day. Because we will sure relish our date.
Roses are red, pickles are green, I like your legs and what's in between!
Want pickle? Let's make a dill tonight.
What else can you pickle?
You are a cutecumber, and I want us to pickle together.
Are you a can? Because when I put my cucumber in, I pull out a pickle instead.
Are you a cucumber with angles less than 90 degrees? Because your acutecumber.
Are you a salad? Because I think you will taste better when I put my cucumber in.
Are you a vegetarian? Because I got a plump cucumber to fit inside you.
Are you hungry or horny? I got the cucumber to satisfy either of your desire.
Babe, I want my cucumber to have a jarring experience with you.
Do you know what rhymes with cucumber? Your number.
Don't feel salty. You could always pickle my cucumber.
Girl I want something better than this cucumber, your number.
Girl if you are lonely and horny, I will be your cucumber for the night.
Girl, once you try my cucumber, you will never want another man's pickle.
How can you tell the difference between being hungry and being horny? Depends on where you put the cucumber.
How long have you been pickling these cucumbers?
I wanna can your cucumbers.
I’ll trade your juicy cantaloupe for my hard cucumber.
If you were a vegetable. You would be a cutecumber.
Is that a cucumber in your pocket or are you just excited to see me?
Looking for a healthy meal full of life? I will deliver my fresh cucumber for your bed tonight.
What’s, long, hard, and has cum in it? My cucumber babe.
You are as cool as a cucumber.
You are so sexy, you turn my pickle into a fresh cucumber.
Are you made of skittles? Because I want to stuff your rainbow down my mouth.
Are you skittles, because thanks for adding colors and rainbows to my world.
Are you skittles? Because how many of you do I have to eat before tasting the rainbow?
Are you skittles? Because I wanna taste the rainbow.
Are you skittles? Because I will never stop chasing rainbows.
Babe are you skittles? Because I love your true colors.
Did you eat my skittles? I would have to taste your rainbow to find out.
Did you just have some skittles? I want to taste the rainbow.
Do you have skittles, because I would taste your rainbow any day.
Girl, people call me skittle. Because I do not instantly melt in your mouth.
I got some rainbow kisses. Want to have some skittles?
I just had some skittles. Want to taste the rainbow?
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?
If you love rainbows, you will love my skittles in the bedroom.
My lips are skittles. Want to taste the rainbow?
*Drops lime*. Sorry I am terrible at pick up limes!
Are you a Bud Light Lime? Because I am down for a good time.
Are you lime? Because I want to squeeze you and drink you up along with my shot.
Are you the alcohol? Because my night was lime until you came along.
Babe, do you have a lot of people after you? Because I will hold the lime for you.
Do you know I am great at pick up lime? Because I got the zest.
Girl, you are my only lime in the sea of lemons. Take shots with me.
Got lime? Because I got the tequila.
Here's a lemon. Because I ran out of pick up limes.
I can lick it, slam it, and suck it...more limes please!
I heard you needed some Vitamin C. Here's a "pickup lime" for you.
Let's party with corona and lime.
This is my pickuplime. How are you?
When life gives you lemon. Exchange for lime so you could drink with it.
When life hands you a lime, take a shot with it.
Are you tequila? Because you make me happy.
Babe do you know the proper way to take tequila shots? First I will lick your salt. Second we will shoot the tequila. And then you could suck my…
Babe I'll bring the tequila, and I want some of your sweet salty juice.
Babe, are you tequila? Because you make my sun rise.
Babe, you can call all the shots you want. Here's another shot of tequila for you.
Did you know tequila is healthy? Here's another shot.
Does tequila spread your legs?
Don't blame the tequila if I make your clothes fall off!
Drink this tequila shot, and then call me when you're ready.
Hey girl, are you a shot of tequila? Because I'm an alcoholic.
Hi there, is that a tequila shot? Let's take the party back to my room.
I don’t have sea legs, but I can really hold my tequila.
I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man.
I got a bottle of Tequila, ready to party?
I like my women like I like my tequila. And, of course, that whole worm thing.
I love you so much, I could never live without you. And I am not talking about the tequila.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I'm a great shot of tequila.
I see you've got some tequila there, does that mean you're willing to give me a shot?
I see you've got some tequila's.  Does that mean you wanna give me a shot?
I won't blame the tequila if I get with you!
I'd like to put my worm in your tequila bottle.
I'm celebrating Cinco de Mayo by puking tequila and gorditas on the side of a Taco Bell.
One Tequila, Two Tequila, Three Tequila, naked!
Tequila is good for you. And here's a pinch of salt to prove it.
Tequila is never the answer. You, me, and tequila is the only solution.
Tequila might not be the answer. But it's worth a shot.
When life gives you lemons, I will bring the tequila and salt to cheer you up.
You and tequila make me crazy.
You're the grenadine in my tequila sunrise. Without you, im just alcoholic orange juice.
Are you a cherry? Because I want to pick you up.
Are you a cherry? Because I want to pop you tonight.
Baby, you wanna share a banana split? Split your legs and let me pop your cherry.
Call me cherry? Because I am about to make your life better being on top.
Cherry pie fixes everything. Especially with my cream.
Do you eat cherries? Because a cherry pit won't be the only thing you'll choke on tonight.
Do you like cherries? Can I have yours?
Do you like cherry on top? Because girl people call me Cherry.
Do you mind if I finish the cherry from your drink?
Girl I got sweet cake, and I want you to be on top as my cherry.
Hey girl are you a cherry? Because I just want you on top of me.
I can chop a cherry tree down. With my tongue.
I can tie cherry stems into dreads with my tongue.
I cherry-ish you.
I got the cream and I want you to be my cherry on top.
I like you cherry much.
I wouldn't mind eating your cherry.
If my life was a cake. Then you'd the cherry on top.
If you were a cherry, I'd bring you down.
Let's get ice cream. I'll trade you my nuts and whipped cream for your cherry.
This cherry pops like wildfire in your mouth.
Want to play fruity? In this game I will pop up your cherry with my banana.
When it comes to building our own sundae, I say we hold the cherry, and each other.
You are cherrific.
You are cherry sweet.
You won't be the first cherry tree I've chopped.
You're sweet as a strawberry. Let me jump in those pants and pop your cherry.
Are you a raisin? And in 9 months you’ll be raisin the kids from our date.
Are you a raisin? Because you’re a raisin my dick!
Babe, you make my puny raisins into juicy dates.
Do you like raisins? No? Then you must try my juice dates.
Do you want some raisin? How about some jam to go with it.
Girl, you so dry your juicy grapes have turned to raisins. I can fix that.
Girl, you so sweet, you about to make my raisin nut.
Here's a raisin. Sorry if it is not enough but I can give you a date on Saturday.
Hey do you want a raisin? If not, how about a date?
I want you for no raisin.
Why do I want raisins when you are my only grape? Let's have some wine.
Are you a fried egg? Because you are sizzling hot and I want to turn you over.
Are you an egg? Because I wanna scramble your insides.
Are you an egg? Because the moment I see you, my smile turns sunny side up.
Are you the chicken or the egg? Either way, I’ll make sure you come first.
Babe I feel like I am an egg tonight. Because I am about to get laid.
Baby, your bacon my eggs!
Girl, you're the Egg McMuffin of one night stands.
Green eggs and damn!
Hey baby, I got 2 eggs on me, wanna find them?
Hey baby, let me put an egg in you.
Hope you like scrambled eggs. Because I will be scrambling them tonight.
How do you feel about breakfast? I'd like to serve your eggs with my sausage.
How do you like your eggs in the morning? Because I like mine fertilized.
How do you like your eggs in the morning? Scrambled or fertilized.
How do you like your eggs? Because you are staying for breakfast.
How do you like your eggs? Scrambled, over-easy, or fertilized?
How do you like your sausage in the morning. Scrambled or blown?
I don't put all my eggs in one basket. But for you, you are my basket.
I get fresh eggs daily.
I got an eggstra meal for you tonight.
I got the chorizo, you bring the eggs.
I may be a ham, but girl I’d treat you egg-cellent.
I’ll let you play with my eggs and you let me fertilize yours.
I’ll take a half dozen organic eggs and one of you.
I’m going to call you omelette. Because you look like you’ve got milk and fresh eggs.
I'll bring the bacon if you bring the eggs.
Is that an egg in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your dad chef. Because he created masterpiece from two eggs
Will you be the sauce to my egg roll?
You are the hollandaise to my poached egg.
You can scramble my egg.
You might be just be an egg to others. But you are the hottest chick in my world.
You must be an egg. But your body is cracking.
Are you a fruit store? Because I want to pick on your watermelons.
Are you a watermelon? Because I will eat your seeds.
Are you a watermelon? Because I’d smash that.
Babe you got some nice watermelons. Can I see your melons?
Babe, I am a sugar daddy with sweet watermelons. I'd like to invest some seed money into you.
Babe, I am a watermelon. Take my skin off and swallow my seeds.
Babe, you want to eat my watermelon tonight? You could either spit or swallow my fine seeds.
Do you like watermelons? I know how to pick up sweet watermelons.
Do you spit or swallow your watermelon seeds?
Girl I am all about the watermelon. I am as seedy as it gets.
Girl, are you a watermelon? Because it is about to get messy when I eat you.
Girl, are you ripe? Because I would give you a good thump before I eat you up.
Girl, do you like watermelons? Because you have water in your melons!
Girl, you put the sweet water inside your melons.
I like my woman like how I like my watermelon – sweet and juicy.
I like your watermelons, can I taste them?
I love to eat those watermelon's. Let's go seedless.
I want to crack you open and eat you sweet insides like that watermelon.
If I was a watermelon. Would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I were a watermelon, I'd let you crush me between your thighs.
Is your ass a watermelon? Because I'd smash that.
Is your dad a farm? Because you got some nice watermelons.
You are as rare as finding a watermelon without pits.
You got watermelon? Because I would eat you any summer day.
You know the difference between an attractive girl like you and a watermelon? I don't mind getting your juices all over me.
Are you a baby corn? Because girl I can be your sugar pop corn.
Are you a corn field? Because I'll plow you right now.
Are you corn? Because I am about to heat you up and make things pop between us.
Are you corn? Because I wanna stalk you.
Are you corn? Because I would like to push my stick inside you.
Babe I am corn, because I am about to say corny pick up lines to you.
Babe you are so hot, you pop my corns.
Babe, I was just a normal corn until I met you. Tonight you have made me into a horny unicorn.
Babe, let's grind so hard that we turn my corn cob into creamed corn.
Babe, no corn maze is going to stop me from finding you.
Did you sit in high fructose corn syrup? Because your ass is so sweet.
Do you have candy corn? Because I want to whisper sweet things into your ears.
Do you like corned beef? If not can I have yours?
Do you live in a corn field? Because you got stalkers everywhere.
Do you live in a corn stock? Because I want to stock you.
Girl, I would corn-er you any night.
Hey girl, are you a farmer? Because you're great at raising corns.
How about you make like a corn stalk and lend me an ear?
I love all the rides at the county fair but I love eating corn dogs the most.
Is that corn in your silo, or did you have to plant barley this year too?
Is that corn on the cob in your pants or are you excited to see me?
Meet me in the corn field I'll kiss you between the ears.
Some people do not corns, but the kernel of truth is that I want you.
That's not a cob of corn in my overalls.
There are plenty of corn in the field, but your cob is the only one I want.
This might sound corny, but you are a-maize-ing.
Wanna hold my corn dog?
Are you a hotdog-bun? Because i wanna put my wiener in you.
Are you happy to see me, or the hot dog just became hard?
Are you hot dog? Because you are hot!
Are you ketchup? Because I'm mustard, we should get together on a wiener.
Are you mustard? Because I want you on my hotdog.
Babe, I got the dog and I like your buns. Just a little work and we can add a little sauce & cream too.
Babe, I want you to open up your bun for my BBQ hot dog.
Babe, I will treat you a seven-course meal tonight. A hot dog and my six pack.
Do you like hotdogs? Because I got a sausage for your buns.
Do you want to try my hebrew national hotdog?
Girl are you ketchup? Because I wanna dip my hotdog in you.
Girl, better eat the hot dog fast because it wets your buns.
Girl, do you love hot dogs? Because you sure know how to handle a sausage.
Girl, do you win a lot? Because you are the queen of my wiener.
Girl, I got the hot dogs, and you are barbe-cute.
Girl, if you think this wiener is tasty, you should taste my wiener juice tonight.
Girl, you make my normal dog into hot dog.
Have you ever had a hot dog competition, because my wiener takes the cake.
Have you ever stuck a hot dog through a donut? Maybe it's time to try something new tonight.
Hey girl, are you bread? Because I want to put my hotdog in you.
Hey girl, do you sell hotdogs? Because you know how to make my wiener stand.
Hey girl, I’m trying to make a hotdog. I got the wiener I just need yo’ buns.
I am the real wiener for you.
I came here to look for some sweet bun to put my extra long wiener.
I have the bun. Do you have the hot dog?
If you're not a health inspector, I'd like to treat you with my street dog.
I'm a hot dog vendor by day, a love machine by night.
Kiss me and I will offer you free sausage.
My meat wants to meet your buns.
Nice set of buns you got. Want to make it a satisfying meal if I stick my foot-long there?
Out of every hot dog in the world, I pickle you.
Roses Are Red, Grass is Greener. When I look at you, I want to feed you my wiener.
That’s a nice set of buns you got there, mind if I stick my foot-long there?
The hot dog's getting cold. Let's put in your oven to make it juicy again.
Violets are blue, grass is greener. When I think of you, my wiener is bigger.
Want to have a hot pets party? I hope my hot dog gets along with your hot pussy.
We're having a wiener-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow?
What's the difference between you and a Hotdog? I don't wanna sleep with a hotdog.
Would you prefer hamburger or hotdog? Either way my meat is going in your buns.
Are you a cake? Because I crave you every day.
Are You cake?
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
Are you carrot cake? Because I carrot live without you.
Babe, are you cake? Because I want to have my cake and eat it too.
Babe, do you know what a cake would say to you? You want a piece of me?
Babe, with an ass like that, everyday must be cake for you.
Babe, you are so hot, you make my marble cake hard.
Call me cake, cause I'll go straight to your ass after sliding down your throat.
Call me icing sugar, because I wanna sprinkle on that cake.
Damn baby, are you made out of cake? You're my everything.
Did you just fall from heaven's bakery? Because you look as tasty as an angel cake.
Did you sit on a cake precious? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Does the cake come with icing? Or do I have to apply it?
Girl, I am not saying that you are easy, but damn you are my piece of cake.
Girl, I want to lick the icing off your cake.
Got cake? I got some.
Happy birthday girl. I may not be a candle on your cake but you can still blow me!
Hello there, Frosting...Oh I'm sorry, you looked like you belonged on my cake.
Hey girl, is it your birthday today? Got me confused with all that cake you got there.
Hey it’s my Cake day. Be my cake tonight.
Hey, girl, you look like a king cake. Let me put a baby in you.
I like you more than cake.
I love you more than cake!
I thought of you while having chocolate cake. Because you are just too sweet.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at cake.
I want to eat you, because I think you are tastier more than cake.
If I'll give you a birthday cake, will you blow my candle?
If you like how good I am with these cake sheets, check out how I am between the bed sheets.
If you were a cake, which flavor would you be? You must be cheesecake because that’s the cheesiest cake pick-up line I know.
I'm not the brightest candle on the cake, but you can still blow me.
Is it my birthday today? Because you just brought me the cake.
Just call me cake. Because I'm gonna go straight to your thighs.
Pies aren’t the new cupcakes, baby. You are.
Ready for some cake roll play?
Roses are red today I think your pretty great. Today’s my cake day we should make it a date.
Roses are red today I think your pretty great. Today's my cake day we should make it a date.
Roses are red, love is fake, weddings are basically funerals with cake. Will you date me?
Want to come by my place? I have cake up-stairs.
Was your daddy a baker? Because you look like a cake, and I'd like to put frosting on your butt, and eat you.
Would you like to taste my cake roll?
Would you rather sit on a dick an eat a cake or sit on a cake and eat a dick?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
You are my piece of cake, easy & delicious.
You know why I’m a baker? Because i love cake.
Your boots remind me of red velvet cake, and I love red velvet cake.
Your cupcakes make my soufflés rise.
All you need is love and an avocado.
And we will live happily avo after.
Are you an avocado? Because I’m craving your gua-cock-mole.
Are you an avocado? Because I'm gonna guacamolinside you.
Are you guacamole? Because avocadon't get me started.
Avocado a crush on you.
Avocado for me, avocado for you. We smash and make sexy guacamole.
Avocados are getting kind of expensive. Can I smash you instead?
Babe I need your avocado fat on my breadstick.
Babe you avocado? Because I want to spread you and eat you good.
Babe you got some avocados? Go out with me will be a move in the ripe direction.
Babe, I'll put you between a guac and a hard place.
Babe, let's do some avocardio in bed.
Babe, you are so hot you making my avocado in my pocket hard.
Damn girl are you an avocado? Because I am seeing past delicious fat underneath your ugly clothes.
Girl are you an avocado? Because I'm gonna get the nut from your soft insides.
Girl, let's guac’ed around the clock.
Girl, you are a perfectly ripe avocado. You are so good you could guaced my entire world.
Girl, you are avocado out of this world.
Girl, you want avo good time?
Holy guacamole you are hot and ripe.
How do you know when an avocado is ripe?
I am avocado, eat me while I am ripe and ready.
I could hit your guac bottom any night.
I heard you liked avocados? Well I’m a good fat.
I love you like I love avocado.
I wanna Guaccupuncture you tonight.
I wanna paint you green and spank you like a disobedient avocado.
I want to put my seed in your avocado.
If you have nothing but love for your avocados, and you take joy in turning them into guacamole, all you need is someone to share it with.
I'll tap your guac bottom any day to get my nuts out.
I'm gonna name your ass avocado. Because it's the good kind of fat.
Is this the produce department. Because I'm harder than a grocery store avocado.
It’s OK, guacamole. I’m extra too.
Let's Avocuddle.
Let's put together avocados. Pound and guac a good time.
Not yet, not yet, not yet, not yet, not yet, eat me now, too late. Avocado.
Our love is like delicious avocado. So wrong, but so ripe!
Spread love as thick as you would avocado.”
We’re going to avo-baby.
What does the half avocado say to the other half? You complete me.
Will you sleep with me if I buy you guacamole? No, maybe you are not an avocado-ho.
With you in my bed, I got a hard guac life.
You are all I avo wanted.
You are avo-ry special person to me.
You’re the avocado of my life.
You’re the avocado to my toast.
Are you a lemon pie? Because I want to pour some cream fillings inside you.
Are you a lemon. Because if I would squeeze the juice out of you.
Are you a lemon? Because I want to keep on using you.
Are you a lemon? Because you make me want to pucker up.
Babe, do you have any lemons? Because I need your Lemon Aid in love.
Babe, give me lemons and I will make lemonade out of your pussy.
Babe, got lemons? Because you are apeeling.
Babe, if I am a lemon, I promise to last more than a Minute Maid.
Babe, if I am a lemon, I'd make a sour puss tonight.
Babe, you are not a lemon because you are too sweet to be one.
Can you afford a dozen lemons? I am pretty bad at pick up limes.
Did you sit on a lemon cake precious? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Girl, enjoy life with me with a grain of salt, a slice of lemon…and a shot of tequila.
Girl, I want your lemon juice because I would concentrate on you all night long.
If you were a lemon, I would pound on you until lemonade comes out.
Lemon smash until the juices come out of us.
Let's be lemons together, time to get down until I run out of juice.
Our bodies go together like menudo and lemon.
Roses are red, Lemons are sour...Spread your legs and give me an hour.
Roses are red. Lemons are sour, spread your legs, and feel my power.
This is just a lemon, but you are sub-lime.
Want to squeeze my lemons? I promise they're delicious.
We must be lemons, because when we met, the zest is history.
When life give me lemons, I can make a pretty lady like you lemonade on a hot Summer's day.
When life gives you lemons, ask for salt and tequila!
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. I'll provide the Vodka and let's party.
You are simply the zest!
You are the lemon that I have been looking for. You give me zest for life.
You got lemons? Because I have peelings for you.
Are you a sugar maple tree? Because I would totally tap that.
Are you a sugar momma? Because I want to lick some sweet milk off you.
Are you powdered sugar? Because you're sweet, and fine!
Are you sugar? Because I want you in everything I have.
Are you sugar? Because you're sweet and I wanna spoon you.
Babe are you sugar? Because I just had sweet dreams about you.
Babe by the time I am done, I will turn your white sugar into brown sugar.
Babe, I just poured some sugar on myself. Are you ready for some sweet ride?
Babe, let me give you some sugar and cream, and make it into icing on the cake.
Babe, this coffee is too strong. How about a kiss because you are the only sugar I need.
Babe, want to see how I can pump out sweet sugar with my sugarcane?
Did you fall into a pile of sugar? Because I want to lick you to find out.
Did you have sugar? Because you got a sweet smile.
Did you sit in sugar? Because you have a pretty sweet ass.
Did your donkey fell in sugar? Then what is that sweet ass?
Do you need more sugar or am I sweet enough?
Do you wanna plant some Sugar Daddy?
Drop sugar packet labeled sugar in front of girl: Babe, you dropped your name tag.
Eating Sugar? No Papa. Open your mouth. Hahaha.
Gimme some sugar, baby.
Girl, are you a sugar baby? Because I want to shower you with my sweet love.
Girl, are you made of sugar? You are the sweetest person I've ever met.
Girl, I want to dip my fingers into your sweet sugar bowl.
Girl, I want to preserve our love with sugar. Because you are my jam.
Girl, I want to sugarcoat every part of your body, then I am going to eat you.
Girl, you make me with high blood sugar now, because you are my true sweet-heart.
Hey Beautiful, are you a donut? Because you're all curves and sugar.
Hey girl, my blood sugar isn’t the only thing on the rise right now.
Hey, girl, are you made of sugar? Because you're the sweetest person I've ever met.
High blood sugar may be temporary, but baby, our love is forever.
How about we go back to my place, and I will help you to drop your blood sugar.
I am not even gonna try to sugarcoat it, I just want to suck on some sugarcoated titties.
I don’t need to check your blood sugar to know you’re a 10.
I like my sex how I like my sugar. Unfiltered and Raw.
I may be sweet like sugar, but I still get hard with my cane.
I visited my doctor today and he said my sugar is too low. So babe I need you to give me some sugar now.
If you want something sweet I’m right here.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be as sweet as sugar.
Is your blood sugar low? Because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
Just by looking at you I can guess your parents are called flour and sugar. There’s no other way to explain why you such a sweet pie.
Mama said stay away from sugar. But babe I cannot stay away from you.
Oh baby, your name should be Sugar because with you I’m always sugar high!
Pass me the coffee and sugar girl, because you already made me cream in my pants.
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet and so are you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, I bet that pussy is too.
Sugar cubes won't be the only I shove down your throat tonight.
Sugar is sweet, honey is sweeter. Look at me and touch my wiener.
Sweetie, you give new meaning to the definition of ‘edible’.
Want a sugar daddy? Let me add some sweet syrup into you.
Well, hey there! I sure don’t need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you.
What do you blow to make a wish? Sugar daddy.
With you around, I never feel low.
Would you like to go for a coffee sometime? I heard that it tastes better with sugar.
You got some cookies? Let me pour some of my white sugar frosting to make them sugar cookies.
You must be a powerpuff girl. Because your made of sugar, spice, and everything nice.
You remind me of a bunch of cookies. Your smile is like a sugar cookie. It's nice and sweet.
You seem like a sweet girl. Mind if I lick you to find out?
You’re so beautiful, I think I’m having a pink sugar heart attack.
Your so sweet, your giving me cavities just talking to you.
All I have is a King-Size Candy. You think you can take it all?
Are you an M&Ms cuz I Wanna shove a bunch of you in my mouth.
At home it is always sweet o’ clock. Want to come with me?
Aye girl, you a Twix? Cause I want both sides of you.
Babe are you candy? Because I will make you melt with my tongue.
Babe does your father run a candy factory? Because he sure made the best candy as sweet as you.
Baby I would trade the entire candy bar in the world for you.
Baby, you look sweet like a ginger candy, me wan unwrap you and taste ya spices.
Come sit on my lap. I've got a candy cane just for you.
Did you just have skittles? I want to kiss you because I want to taste the rainbow.
For you I can be 100% made of sugar so that I will be enough sweet for you.
Girl are you candy? Because I am completely addicted to you.
Girl, are you candy sprinkles? Because a little bit of you makes the whole world much sweeter.
Girl, I'm gonna clear all your hard sugar shell.
Girl, want to suck on my candy worms.
Girl, you are as sweet as candy? Because once I start eating you I want to finish you.
Gum here often?
Hey girl can you be the candy sprinkles to my ice cream?
Hey girl, are you candy? Because you got a sweet ass!
I am going to jump the gum and kiss you right now.
I bet you, I will clear all jelly on your belly.
I can make you so happy with all the candy stash I have at home. Want to see those?
I don't want your candy, but I'll take your number.
I go loco whenever I eat candy and you.
I go nuts over your candy ass.
I hate candy but I love you.
I hate chocolates but I love you.
I have a rubber mask and you have candy- we go trick or treating.
I have a van out the back and I got some free lollipop candy in it.
I have Skittles in my mouth, do you want to taste the rainbow?
I know I just met you but I already like you more than candy.
I like the way you Rolo.
I love your commit-mint to love.
I’d take you to a candy shop, but you’re already full of sweet kiss.
I'll crush your candy all night long.
I'm nuts about you.
Is that a candy cane in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is that candy bar in your pocket or are you just happy to see me sweetheart?
Is your name sweet because you absolutely are.
My candy worms turn into candy cane for you.
My favorite place in the world is cuddled next to you nibbling something sweet.
My friends call me Butterfinger, wanna find out why?
My tongue craves your sweet insides.
Nerds: Girl, you are forever my favorite nerds.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I got candies for you in the back of my van.
Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Starburst: You make my heart burst.
Swedish fish: You Are the Swedish Fish in the sea.
Sweetie I can be your sweets in this world full of bitter people.
Thank you for your Tootsie Roll in my life.
Tonight's menu: Chocolate, candy hearts and you.
Want to see my mars bar? Cause it will take you out of this world.
You are Extra special.
You are my Hot Tamale.
You are my sweetie.
You are the kind of candy I am not willing to share.
You candy cane do it.
You look sad, let me sprinkle some of good vibes at you baby.
You mint a lot to me.
You must be a Snickers because I’m satisfied.
Your name must be Candy… because you look so sweet.
You're as sweet as a candy cane.
You're the sweet to my heart.
Are you a bowl of cereal? Because I'll eat you everyday.
Are you cereal? Because I can eat you for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Are you cereal? Because I put you before everything.
Are you my cereal? Because I wanna spoon you.
Babe, you got a bowl of tasty cereal? Let me pour some milk inside that bowl.
Cheerios Cereal: I'm about to make my honey nut in your cheerio.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cereal: Imma add my cinnamon to your toast so I can hear it crunch.
Damn girl, if you were a breakfast cereal, I would guaranteed you to Snap, Crackle, and Flop.
Damn girl, if you were a cereal. You’d be a box of cutie pebbles.
Did you have lucky charms this morning? because you look magically delicious.
Did you have your morning cereal yet? I'll give you my bowls.
Do you like cereal? Want to get to know me because I'mmmmmmm GREAT!
Frosted Flakes Cereal: Are you hot? Let me frost your flakes.
Girl, are you dry cereal? Let me make you soft and wet.
Girl, if we were cereals, we belong in a bowl together.
Hey girl, are you cereal? Because I’d like to pour some creamy milk on you.
Honey-Comb Cereal: Don't mind me honey, just combing through.
I can't see the taste in this cereal but I can see how beautiful you are.
I think i've gone kuku for your coco puffs.
I treat all boxes with respect.
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
I'd like to roll your oats.
If you were a cereal, you’d be Lucky Charms because you’re magically delicious!
I'm not a cereal killer!
Lucky Charms Cereal: Oh, I'm just here. Being your lucky charm.
Want some milk with your cocoa puffs?
Yogurt. Cereal. Soup. You. These are all things I want to spoon.
You look magically delicious and I just happen to be a cereal dater.
You must be after me Lucky Charms!
A little sugar for the sweetest friend a person could ask for.
All the fortune cookies in the world led me to you.
Are you a cookie? Because im crumbling for you.
Are you Santa? Cause I’m ready for all that milk in my cookie.
Babe I am the best cookies that you will ever have, if you rub me the right way I'll crumb for you.
Babe, I don't need fortune cookies, when I got cookies like you.
Babe, I want to double stuff your cookies.
Babe, we are cookies together. We are a batch made in heaven.
Babe, you are free to leave your cookies on my machine anytime.
Babe, you are so hot, you made my soft dough into a tough cookie.
Can I be the fortune in your cookie?
Can I have cookie, and 2 scoops of you.
Did it hurt? You look like a damn fine cookie that fell from the vending machine.
Do you have cookies? I wouldn't mind your milk all over my face.
Do you know how to bake cookies? Because we will sure make it hot on the cookie sheets.
Do you want some raisin cookies? Perfect for someone who’s always raisin’ the bar.
For someone who never fails to chip in when asked.
Girl, are you cookie dough, because I want to bake you.
Have you been baking cookies. Because you just made this ginger nut.
Here’s a variety of cookies you can pick and chews from.
Hey girl, are you a cookie? Because I want to eat you out until I get sick.
Hey, you want to eat cookies and watch Netflix?
I know we just met, but can I put my cookie dough in your oven?
I like milk and cookies but I would rather have you.
I need you like the cookie monster needs cookies!
I thought you wanted to see how my cookie crumbles.
I’d like to frost your cookie.
I’d like to get my hand in your cookie jar.
If you do not believe in the magic of love, come to my place and experience the magic of cookies.
I'm as sweet as sugar and on the inside I'm hot and gooey for your pleasure.
Just hoping to bake your day a little better.
Let us create harmony together. And perhaps some cookies.
Looky, looky, I made you cookies!
My chips are so hard for you right now. Or you can get them soft after you lick them.
My fortune cookie just came true when I met you.
My love for you is like hot cookie, I just can’t hold on to it until I stuff it in my face.
Oh yeah, crack me and unfold me!
Personality; macadamia. Sometimes a bit nutty.
Since I’m all about the cookie, how ’bout a little white frosting?
Staring at you is better than looking at freshly baked cookies.
The milk and cookies at my place taste good for breakfast, too.
These cookies are a little nutty… just like me!
Want to feel my personalized cookies?
We go together like Cookies and Milk.
What do you and the cookies in my oven have in common? I ought to take you out right now.
Without you, I would crumble.
You are one sexy and smart cookie.
You look as tasty as a chocolate cookie. Now all you need is some cream filling.
You must be cookie dough, because I just want to press you on a sheet.
You remind me of a bunch of cookies. Your smile is like a sugar cookie. It's nice and sweet.
You seem like a dozen cookies in an oven! You're hot, and I need to take you out for dinner!
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
Are you a banana peel? Because I've accidentally slipped into your dms.
Are you a banana? Because I'd like to split you, dress you with some whip cream and eat you up.
Are you a monkey? I wanna feed you my banana.
Are you natural sunlight? Because you’ve ripened my banana.
Are you ripe? I should go for you tonight.
Aye girl are u a banana?  Because you make me go OOH OOH AH AH.
Babe are you a banana, because I want to peel you and eat you out.
Babe, are you a doctor. My banana isn't peeling well.
Babe, do you know how to spell banana? Because once I start you will not know when to stop.
Babe, I got a banana dressed up as a cucumber in my pants. Ready for action.
Babe, I got a banana that will make you go Ooh Ooh Ah Ah tonight.
Babe, if you are a banana you would never get lonely. Because we will hang out in bunches.
Babe, you are making me go bananas.
Babe, you need to be extra nice to my bananas, you know why? You don’t want to hurt my peelings.
Care for a feel of my banana? It has great curves in all the right places.
Do you bake? I'd like to fill your pie with my banana cream.
Do you have some bananas? Because you give me all the peels.
Do you know that you are a banana? Because I find you a peeling.
Do you know the different between me and a banana? Banana slips out of its peels, mine will slip right in yours.
Do you want to play fruits tonight? I will pop your cherry with my banana.
Girl did you just eat a banana and throw it? Because you made me fall for you.
Girl I hope you like bananas, because you just made my carrot grew in my pants.
Girl, grab the banana before it gets soft.
Girl, I am the ripe one for you.
Girl, you will never eat another banana. Because I will never split on you.
Hey girl, are you a carpenter? Because you just made a banana stand.
Hey girl, I don’t know much about baking pies...But you make my banana cream.
Hun, you put the “ass” in potassium, I could eat you all day.
I am a banana, I might look large and fruity, but I am a demon in bed.
I like you a whole bunch (hold up a bunch of bananas).
I look at you and wham! I'm head over heels I guess that love is a banana peel.
I may look tough, but I promise I’m all mushy on the inside.
I’m bananas for you!
I’m like a banana, fancy getting under my skin?
Is that a banana in my pocket or am I just a hermaphrodite?
Nice bananas you have there, come to my place and let's make some banana cream pie with it.
Peel me baby.
Peel me open for good time?
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice fellow?
Want some bananas? Because girl I got some very good peelings about you.
Well that’s bananas! I most definitely saw you in my dreams!
What do you say we go back to my place and get you to eat a banana?
What do you think my banana will say to you? Nothing, my banana can't talk!
What’s the best thing to put in a banana cream pie? Your teeth!
Would you like a banana to go with those splits?
You are like a banana to me, because I peel you in my heart.
You must be the one for me because you make me peel good.
You must be the top banana here.
You’re amazing, let’s never split!
A balanced diet, is an Oreo in each hand.
A day without you is like an Oreo without cream filling.
Are you an Oreo? Because I’d like you double-stuffed.
Are you an Oreo? You looking mighty fine with that double stuffed ass.
Babe you want some Oreo? You could lick my white cream any time.
Babe, I want to dip my Oreo in your milk. Except my cookie only gets hard.
Babe, you are my favorite cookie snack. And I am about to turn you into Oreo.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Could you double stuff my Oreo?
Do you know if they sell organic Oreos?
Girl are you an Oreo? Because i wanna split you open and lick the good stuff inside.
Girl, do you know Oreos are like boobs? Because they taste so much better with milk & creams.
Girl, I am an Oreo, and I got the good cream inside me.
Girl, I am like an Oreo, the best stuff is on the inside.
Girl, we are Oreos. You are my better half, and I got the white cream for you.
Girl, you must be an Oreo, I want your fillings so bad.
Hey girl, are you Oreo? Because I want to Twist, Lick & Dunk you.
I'd share my last Oreo with you.
I'll eat you like my Oreos, open you and lick you till there's no more white stuff.
Oreo Oh Oreo, where you though my Oreo.
Oreos, it's plain as white & black, you are the only love for me.
The best thing to hold onto in life, is Oreos and me.
Yolo, you obviously love Oreos and I do too. Go out with me.
You are the Oreo to my milk.
You look as tasty as an Oreo cookie. Now all you need is some cream filling.
You must be Oreo Ice Cream Sandwich, because I want to lick you your smooth cookies n' cream filling.
You remind me of a bunch of Oreo. Your smile is like a sugar cookie. It's nice and sweet.
Your legs are like an Oreo. Because I wanna split them apart and eat everything in between.
Your panties are like Oreos, I wanna lick the inside.
Are you a bag of snack? Because I want to finish you off and lick my fingers.
Are you a donut? Because you’re a snack with a hole.
Are you a goldfish? Because you're the snack that smiles back.
Babe, are you a snack pie? Because I want to fill you up with cream.
Babe, how about you be my snack and I will bring you a full course meal.
Babe, I want to feast on your stacked snack.
Babe, I want you to snack on my sack tonight.
Baby, are you a Mexican snack? Because you’re corny and cheesy.
Did it hurt when you fall from the vending machine? Because you are a snack.
Girl you aren’t a snack, you’re a fine looking three course meal.
Girl you so hot. And i'm lookin to snack on something spicy.
Girl, are you the finals? because I'd do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes with a break in the middle for snacks.
Girl, I want to snack on you versus eating you. Do you know the difference between snack and a meal? I could do you all night long during our Netflix and Chill.
Girl, you could snack in my love shack any time.
Hey did it hurt when you fell from that vending machine. Not because you look like a snack, but because you look like the kind of girl who will do anything for $1.50.
Hey girl I wanted to take you to the movies but they don't allow to bring your own snacks.
Hey girl, you’re not a snack! You’re the whole cream pie.
I hate when people say you cant have snacks for dinner, because you're a snack and I'll always eat you.
I think I might be a cannibal. Because every time I look at you, all I see is a snack for me to nibble on.
I thought I had all the snacks I needed for quarantine, but looks like I missed one.
I would take you to the movies, but no outside snacks allowed.
If your right leg was lunch, and your left leg was dinner, would you let me snack between meals.
Is today your cake day? Because you’re a snack.
My favorite snack in the world is you.
Nice rack, you must be every man's favorite snack.
Once I snack in your crack, I will never want to go back.
Sorry girl I'll have to eat you after dinner, because you're a snack.
They call my dick spare change, because I use it for snacks like you.
You are the only snack I wanna stock up on.
You’re my little toaster strudel. I want you to be my delicious warm snack that’s covered in my special frosting.
You’re so tasty....That every time someone asks me what’s my favorite snack I show them a picture of you.
Are you a coffee lover? How about some Starbucks Tripleshot?
Are you an energy drink? Because you’re making my heart race
Are you Red Bull, because you are giving me wings.
Babe are you an energy drink, because you keeping me up all night long.
Babe, it's not the drink, it's how much Energy I put inside it.
Babe, you up for some Monster drink with me tonight?
Do you want an energy drink? Maybe you want some Bang.
Girl you into energy drink? Because I am about to blow a pure shot of energy.
Girl, a 5 Hour Energy won't be enough for me to pleasure you all night.
Girl, are you caffinated drink? Because you giving me energy to keep going.
Girl, I got the G Fuel to light up your G Spot.
Girl, you want to ride this Red Bull tonight?
I am going Full Throttle to thrust you.
I am not just a Monster, I got the Monster Ultra.
I don't need energy drink to keep me up all night, I just need you.
I don't need no Monster Energy, I already got a Monster in my pants.
I got the Dew to amp myself tonight.
I got the Monster Energy you crave.
I like my woman like energy drink, keeping me pumped up.
I would ask you to dance, but I need some sweet energy drink from you.
I'd rather be high on you than by this energy drink.
Let's convert that caffeine energy into kinetic energy.
My love for you is like an energy drink, ready to go up anytime.
So, how much NOS do you need to drink before you turn into YES.
Want some Bang?
Would you like a Rockstar or Bang?
You don't need no Celsius, because you are as hot as possible.
Are you a flower? Because I would like to sip some sweet nectar out of you.
Are you honey, because you have been buzzling in my mind all night.
Are you honey? Because you are sweet and thick.
Babe are you honey? Because I would like to spread you.
Babe you want some honey? My bumble bee has to pollinate your behind first.
Babe, I got a bee in my hand, and you are absolutely beautiful. Because beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder.”
Babe, you are sweeter than honey.
Be my queen bee, and I will show you all the honey I got.
Bee my honey.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you.
Call me Pooh, because I'd like to dig my paw inside you for that sweet honey.
Do you like bees? Because I would like to show you my comb.
Do you like cheerio? Because I'd put my honey nut in you.
Do you work with bees? Because you are definitely a keeper.
Every day with you is like honeymoon.
Girl, are you ready to taste my royal jelly?
Girl, I will work my life just to get another drop of your honey.
I am a honey bee, and I am attracted to the most beautiful flower here tonight.
I will fight bees all day long for you, because you are my honey.
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
I'd like to pollinate you to get some of your sweet honey.
If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot?
This bee is happy tonight, because I finally found my honey.
You are Bee-tiful.
You are so hot, you make my colony collapse.
You are sweeter than honey.
You got some honey? This bee is going to suck you dry tonight.
You got the honey and I got the money.
Your gorgeous smile is a fizzing honey wine that gets better for every second of our life.
Your lips taste like sweet honey to me.
You're the honey to my tea.
Are you a box of chocolate? Because I want to take your top off and gobble you up.
Are you a chocolate bar? Because I see me filling you up with my nuts.
Are you a chocolate bunny, because I want to nibble on your ears first than eat you full.
Are you chocolate milk? Because I want to swallow every last drop of you.
Are you chocolate pudding, because I want to spoon you all night long.
Are you chocolate spread? Because I want you to spread for my satisfaction tonight.
Are you chocolate? Because you are the only one that can satisfy me.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate… Well, I got some sweet white chocolate.
Are you Hershey's chocolate? Because I would like one kiss from you.
Are you Kit Kat, because I am going to break you and eat you.
Are you ready? Because I would definitely want to taste your sweet.
Are you Willy Wonka? Because I want to cum inside your chocolate factory.
At home it is always sweet o’ clock. Want to come with me?
Babe can I get a cookie that tastes like you?
Babe I am so happy to see you, and this is definitely not a chocolate bar in my pants.
Babe you are definitely not M&M, because you are melting by my fingers.
Babe you look absolutely better when you take that wrapper off of you.
Babe, I don't think there's anything hotter than chocolate, until I met you.
Babe, you know what's better than that Tootsie roll? How about we get some Titty Roll in the sheets.
Baby I am only tempted by two things: you and chocolate.
Baby I badly wanted to be the drizzle to your banana and strawberries.
Baby I can never get enough of your sweetness like I can never get enough of chocolate.
Baby I would trade the entire candy bar in the world for you.
Baby you light up my mood like the way chocolate can.
Baby you satisfy me like only chocolate could.
Baby you’re so sweet you’d put Hershey's out of business!
Being with you is like getting into cloud nine full of sweets.
Boy I can make you melt in my mouth and in my hand like chocolate.
Can you be my mocha? ‘Cause mocha is made from two of my favorite food in the world.
Can you be the partner to my chocolate?
Chocolate are always better when shared with you.
Chocolate are always better when shared with you.
Darling I will supply you with stash of sweets and my never ending love for you.
Darling you are enough sweet for me. Am i enough for you?
Darling, you are like chocolate, you make everything better.
Dear I would pour all the sweetness I have in my body towards you to make you happy.
Do you know a bakery around? Because I would like to purchase a sweet like you.
Do you like it dark or milky? I can definitely make an adjustment for you.
Do you mind if I share these chocolate with you?
Do you think you need more sweet? Because I would love to make up for if you let me.
Does your dad own a chocolate factory? Because you are as sweet as chocolate.
Don’t you think having you and sweet food in my life is redundant?
Don’t you think you have got to check if you have diabetes? Because you are the sweetest.
For you I can be 100% made of sugar so that I will be enough sweet for you.
Girl I love to see and experience the sweetest you can be.
Girl my taste buds almost always craves for chocolate but now it craves for you.
Girl you’re like a ganache ‘cause you make this cake better just like you make my day better
Girl, I love how you melt this hard chocolate bar with your mouth, perhaps you can melt something else tonight.
Hershey makes millions of kisses a day, all I want is just one from you.
Hey baby, want to have some fun with me along with some chocolate tonight?
Hey can you accompany me? Because I am returning this cake cause I realize you’re enough.
Hey girl can you be the candy sprinkles to my ice cream?
I am all for chocolate and falling in love with you.
I am always ready for something sweet like you.
I am craving for you more than I am craving for hot chocolate.
I am only satisfied for the day because of a sweet like you.
I can make you so happy with all the stash I have at home. Want to see those?
I can’t resist to use my tongue in eating this ice cream just like I can’t when I’m eating you.
I cannot think of anything sweeter than chocolate than… oops… of course there is you!
I do not like sweets but I would gladly eat them just to get close to you.
I do not mind gaining more weight as long as you do it with me.
I do not need a ganache on my cake because you are enough sweet for me.
I do not need anything special because you are enough special in my life.
I do not think it is possible but you are sweeter than all the chocolate in the world.
I do not want a piece of you because I wanted the whole lot of you.
I do not want anything fancy just you and a whole bowl of flavored ice cream.
I don’t know about you but sharing this bar with you feels absolutely right.
I don’t know babe but I think my love for you is enough to stop your cravings for sweet.
I don’t like sweets but baby you are an exception to that rule.
I don’t think I’d mind if they call you a Devil’s food, because I’d still take the risk for you.
I don’t think there’s anything hotter than a chocolate but hey! There you are in front of me.
I feel better already with you holding my hand, sweets aren’t even needed.
I feel like I went to heaven full of chocolate upon getting a taste of you.
I feel the rush upon eating chocolate whenever I hold your hand.
I go loco whenever I eat chocolate and you.
I go nuts over your kind of sweet.
I have only two weaknesses resisting chocolate and resisting you.
I heard you are a chocolate lover I guess we are compatible darling.
I heard you have a stash of kisses in your dorm can i possibly get one from you?
I hope in all the stars that you and I will not have any expiration date.
I learned to love sweets because of you and I am thankful for that.
I like my cocoa maragnan just like I like my nights full of flavor because of you.
I only wanted a week’s supply of sweets instead I got a lifetime supply because I got you.
I promise I’ll make you forget all the bad things this day brought by being your stash if sweet.
I thought of you while having chocolate cake, because you are just too sweet.
I used to hate sweets but I came to love those because of you.
I want to lick your body the way I would lick anything with chocolate.
I want to take all my breaks talking to you.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box.
I will not ever need sweets if I already have you in my life.
I would gladly love what you sweet foods just to get to your heart.
I would like to be your stash of food that can give you comfort whenever you are sad.
I’d love to be that cookie you’re eating because they have the excuse to get close to your lips.
I’m never a selfish person but when it comes to sharing you with other people…I dont think so.
If only the sweets tastes like you then I would definitely start to love them.
If there is a food that tastes like you I would definitely get a supply of those forever.
If you are a candy bar I promise I would refuse to share you with other people.
If you were ice cream and i was chocolate sauce, I'd pour my love all over you!
If you will allow me I would like to consume you everyday because I like the taste of you.
Is your name chocolate, because  you make my serotonin levels rise and give me a sense of pleasure.
Is your name sweet because you absolutely are.
It is crazy, the way you make this heart beat faster the way only sweets can do to me.
It’s nice that if I want something sweet I won’t ever have to hold back ‘cause I have you.
Just so you know I have a ref full of chocolate, a couch and good films at my house.
Lick my fingers like you could not get enough of me like you do to your sweets.
Life is a like a box of chocolates, and I cannot imagine my life without you.
My favorite place in the world is cuddled next to you nibbling something sweet.
My love for you is like hot chocolate, I just can’t hold on to it.
My tongue still craves your kind of sweet baby.
Nibbling is not enough, know that I want to devour you fast.
Nibbling would be enough for now because I would like to save you forever.
Oh damn I never knew having you would give me the good kind of cavities.
Ouch you are giving me a good kind of toothache just because of your sweetness.
Since I’m all about chocolate, how ’bout a little sugar?
Sooner or later I will get diabetes because of your sweetness.
Sweetie I can be your sweets in this world full of bitter people.
The only favorite thing I have in this cruel world aside from sweets is having you in my life.
There are two types of people in this world: People who love chocolate and people who love you. And I don't love chocolate.
Want to share this lovely candy bar with me and possibly a lifetime?
We go together naturally like marshmallows go with chocolate.
We’re like hot chocolate and marshmallows. You’re hot, and I want to be on top of you.
When I met you my craving for something sweet stop.
Whenever I look at you I see something more desirable than chocolate.
You are 10x delectable than any sweet food I know in this world.
You are a fountain of all the sweets in the world and that is why I love you.
You are like a box full of sweet that I cannot get hands off.
You are lovelier than all the sweets in the world combined.
You are smoother and more palatable than a fondant and I like that.
You are so sweet, I would eat you over chocolate any day.
You are the kind of sweet I am not willing to share.
You are the surprise I wanted to get more than I want chocolate.
You brighten up my day like only drizzle on strawberries can.
You could put all the sweets business if you will be consistently sweet like that.
You definitely taste better than chocolate.
You gave my life thrill just like sweets do to my taste buds.
You have this ability to make me so happy like only sweet foods can do.
You have this capability of making my taste buds so happy and I love that.
You have this certain snap that made me notice you just like how I know a good bar from bad.
You have this effect on me I only feel upon eating chocolate.
You look sad, let me sprinkle some of good vibes at you baby.
You make everybody happy like a sweet food. How about I make you happy this time?
You make everything taste better just like cocoa.
You make me feel a lot giddier like I have eaten a box of chocolate.
You make my day complete just by getting a whiff of you.
You make my heart melt faster than hot chocolate.
You won’t ever need to bring me sweet food, I like you enough.
You’re like a sweet because I’d like to drizzle you on any food and still not get enough of you.
Accept this cup of tea. Because you are such a hot-tea you might get too dry.
Ah, I love this one jasmine tea where they hand-tie each leaf into a little butterfly. Guess you could say I’m into bondage.
Are you flirt Tea? Because you can sure break the ice.
Are you high tea? Because I am falling hard deep in love with you.
Are you tea leaf? Cuz girl I want to pour on you and drink off you all night long.
Babe, I am bad. Because I am Guilt-Tea as hell in love with you.
Babe, I am normally shy. But you have made me into a Chai Tea tonight.
Babe, you could dump tea in my harbor anytime.
Could you recommend the best teas to the most beau-tea-ful person on Earth? As known as them here.
Do you drink tea? Want to share a cup of Naugh-Tea with me?
Do you have a tea bag in your pocket because I can see me in your pants.
Do you have tea? I prefer some nice hot Tit-Tea.
Do you know how you call a Native Indian tea? A tea-pee.
Do you like freedom? Because babe I will give you a good cup of Liber-Tea tonight in bed.
Excuse me, miss, things are about to get real steamy in here.
Girl, Honest-Tea is all you will have from me.
Here you go! Hot Tea, because that's who you are.
I am normally a coffee kinda guy. But you are definitely my cup of tea.
I am sorry, I might have been a bit too early.. Grey.
I like my women like my tea, sweet as hell.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I'm a great shot of tequila.
I'll matcha in my bed.
It has been oolong time that I have been waiting to meet you.
Let's mint again soon.
My cup of tea is the only hot thing until I met you.
My cup of tea isn't the only thing that's sweet around here.
This outfit really fit you. You look tea-rribly gorgeous.
Want to do it tonight for a Oolong time.
We should get together and have a tea party.
What the best tea for this most beau-tea-ful girl on earth?
Would you be interested in having a cup of tea in an irresis-tea-ble tea house?
Would you like some hot tea because that's what you are a hottie.
Would you like to go for some tea?
Wow, two teaspoons? Lucky for you, I’m a pretty good spooner myself.
You and my tea have one thing in common: hot and comforting.
You are my princess, because babe you are Royal-Tea.
You are so hot, you make my tea steamy and bubbly inside.
You are so pre-tea.
You got that sweet ass Boot-Tea.
You would definitely be a cu- tea
Your ass is like tea. Hot!
Your name must be Earl Grey, because you're a real Hot-Tea
You're a full bodied breakfast tea.
You're just my cup of tea!
You're like my tea: Hot!
You're such a TEAse.
You're the honey to my tea.
After this egg roll, how about let's roll in my bed.
All I want tonight is Siu (Mai).
Are you Dim Sum? Because I could taste all of you all day long.
Babe, after Dim Sum tonight, I'll make you cum.
Dim sum tell you, you are the one for me?
Girl, do you want some tasty meat inside your bun?
Girl, I want to suck on your feet like this Chicken feet.
Girl, you gonna have a Wonton-Derful night with me.
I want to tart you all night long.
I'd like to make some Soup-er babies with you tonight.
Life is Wonton-derful when I met you.
My love for you weighs wonton.
Nice buns!
Roll in the sheets with me.
The only pudding I want is inside you.
Want to have Dim Sum with me? I got beefy balls.
You are so hot and steamy, you are making my little dumpling go big.
You are sui mai type.
You are the only wonton for me.
You make my tart melt.
You're all the and Dim Sum.
Are you a hot bowl of pho soup? Because I'd love to drink you up.
Babe you are so hot, you make my rare meat hard.
Babe, do you like pho? Because I am falling Pho you.
Babe, I am the King of Pho. I can PhoKing you any day.
Babe, I do not want pho tonight. How about some Bahn Mi?
Babe, want to try my favoite viet restaurant. I know a place Pho Kim Long.
Babe, you are pho-nomenal.
Babe, you want pho? I know a place Pho King Good.
Girl are you viet? Because you look so pho-kable.
Girl you waiting in line for pho? Me too, I am in for Pho Queue.
Girl you want to ride my pho train tonight?
Girl, friend or pho?
Girl, my pho noodle is extra firm for you.
Girl, you are absolutely pho-bulous.
I got the hots Pho You.
I heard you love pho? Let me give you my special pho combo tonight with all the meat and balls you desire.
I want to have Pho-King with you tonight.
I will make you soften as fast as pho.
I’ve been waiting pho someone like you.
Let's be together Pho-ever.
Pho and Blow?
Pho at your place or mine?
Want to do Netflix and Pho?
We're made pho each other.
You are like noodle soup. I can never pho-get about you.
Are you boba tea? Because I crave you every day.
Are you boba? Because I cannot last a week without you.
Are you Boba? Because I have fallen in love with my first taste of you.
Babe you love boba pearls? I think you will definitely love pearl necklace.
Babe you love boba tea? Because you're a cutie.
Babe, I would like to dump my Boba in your tea tonight.
Babe, it's not this bubble tea, you are the one making me feeling bubbly inside.
Babe, the only thing missing in my Boba tea is your milk.
Don't add boba to your tea, you are already full of contexture.
I brought you some Boba ’cause baby, we’re a matcha made in heaven.
I don't want any boba tea, I only want you the Pre-Tea.
I got boba.
I like my boba like I like my women, hot and soft.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I got great boba balls.
People call me Boba tea, suck my balls and I will give you a great time.
The boba in this tea isn't the only sweet thing around here.
The only boba I want is you.
Would you like extra milk or cream in your Boba?
Would you like to go for some Boba?
You're like my Boba, hot and sweet!
You're the boba to my tea.
Are you a buffet? Because I want to try all of you.
Are you sashimi at a Chinese buffet? Because I want you, but I don't know if I can trust you.
AYCE Buffet? No I prefer an AYCF night with you.
Babe I am a buffet, you can keep on getting what you want until you are satisfied.
Babe I hope you are a buffet tonight. Because I cannot stop myself from having more of you.
Babe, are you serving buffet tonight? Because I want you to stuff me good.
Babe, going out with me is like going to a buffet, I will satisfied all your senses and appetites.
Babe, you need to save some room after this buffet, because I got some more desserts for you in the bedroom.
Do you believe love at first taste? Or you could have plenty of seconds with me.
Girl do you love buffets? Because I would like to stuff you full that you cannot take anymore.
Girl my favorite dish of this buffet tonight is you.
Girl, this buffet line is long. How about I entertain you with some pick up lines instead.
Hey baby, are you my love buffet. Because I want to lay you on the table and take what I want.
Hey girl, this buffet place is missing one best dessert, you.
I am like a buffet to women, because they always are coming for seconds.
I want a buffet of you for the rest of my life.
In dating, I believe the first rule of buffet. First come first serve.
This buffet has the taste of the world, but girl, all I want is a taste of you.
This buffet is open for you tonight. You will keep on coming until you can barely move.
Are you from KFC? You got amazing breast and thighs, and you are giving me a extra hard drumstick.
Are you KFC? Because you're finger lickin' good.
Are you KFC? The doctor just gave me a prescription for all your gravy.
Babe are you from Kentucky? Because I love juicy Kentucky fried chick like you.
Babe do you have some KFC sauce, because you are chicken dippin' good.
Babe does your pussy have a secret blend of 11 herbs & spices? Because I'd like to rock my chicken inside your cooker.
Babe, did you just finish those KFC? It's time to put some bones inside that wet empty box of yours.
Babe, let's have some KFC tonight. Let's start with that tender breast and juicy thigh of yours.
Babe, you are so hot, you made this chicken tender go extra crispy tonight.
Babe, you do not need all those chicken pieces to fill up your bucket, all you need is this cock.
Damn girl you a KFC? Cause i want to eat your juicy breast and thick thighs.
Do you know why KFC is so tasty? Because they pressure cook that cock to preserve all the juice.
Girl I work at KFC, I want to put my secret blend of herbs and spices in your pressure cooker.
Girl you know what's common between you and kfc? Juice from inside.
Girl, do you like your cock original or extra crispy.
Girl, I am the colonel, the man, the myth, and the legend.
Girl, you want some KFC? This cock is sure decilious.
Have you tried the KFC sandwich? It's finger licking good when my cock gets in your buns.
I am the colonel, show me your breast and I will show you an amazing time.
I work at KFC, and I know how to spread my breading all over your breast and thighs.
You want some KFC with me tonight. I can make it the hard way, all the way.
All I want to do is to eat tacos with you.
Are you taco? Because you are the love of my life.
Are you taco? Because you would want some of my hot sauce inside your shells.
At Taco Bell, I cannot just think outside the bun. I want to be inside your bun.
Baby I am like Taco Bell, I'll spice your night!
Baby, Let me sauce up your taco meat.
Can I stuff your taco with my beef?
Dang girl, do you make tacos? Cuz I really want some of that lengua.
Dayum...One Look at you, chica, and my soft-shell taco got deep fried.
Do you eat tacos late? Because my Taco Bell is open.
Do you like Mexican? Because you are frying my tacos now.
Do you like tacos?
Do you like your taco cheesy or spicy?
Do you love taco? I am a very taco-tive person!
Forget about those fast food tacos, you want to have some real meat inside you.
Girl are you a taco? Because I want to fold you in a blanket and eat you.
Girl, you are so hot you made my soft taco hard.
Hey baby, let's find something to taco about.
I got the beef, you got the shells, let's make some tacos in between the sheets tonight.
I saw from across the room and thought... I bet she needs a taco, too.
I would love to suck on your taco all night long.
Let's Taco about love tonight.
Take me to your taco tonight.
Today's Tuesday. We need to have a taco date.
We go together like taco and hot sauce.
Yes I am happy to see. And yes I do have some hard tacos in my pocket.
You are my perfect taco. Thick on the bottom and light on the top.
You are so hot, I want some of your juice all over my taco shells.
You are the burrito and I am the taco so stick that burrito in my taco
You are the salsa of my Tacos. I cannot live without you.
You had me at taco.
Your smile lights up my inside quicker than spicy hot tacos.
Your taco meat looks spicy, can I stuff your muff?
Are you Chipotle, because I want to eat you in so many ways in so many combinations.
Are you made in Chipotle, because you are hot and I want more.
Babe, I want to cultivate a better world with you.
Babe, I want to wrap around you like some hot and spicy Chipotle burrito.
Baby, you wanna get Chipot-laid tonight?
Chicken, Steak, Barbacoa, Carnitas, Sofritas, or My tasty man based protein?
Chipotle burritos make horny, and we should totally get some for dinner tonight.
Chipotles burritos are like sex, and girl I always finish last.
Day after day, I am committed to sourcing the very best techniques I can find, and pleasuring you by hand.
Did you get some Chipotle tonight? Good because I like to eat my girl with integrity.
Do you want some Chipotle, I will do some free delivery straight to your bedroom.
Girl, I got all the Avacadough you could dream of.
Girl, what we are about to do, there is no double wrapping.
Give this hog some space and it will be a healthy beast up for your pure satisfaction.
Hey baby, is your name Chipotle? Because I crave you all the time.
I want you more than a Chipotle chip wants guacamole.
It's time to practice some safe Mex with this Chipotle order.
Will you be my Burritas?
You are burritoful.
#SearchForBetter sex starting with me.
Babe, I want to eat you fresh.
Babe, you are my Sexy Delite.
Choose well, choose me.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Eat me fresh.
Fresh loving is what we do all night long.
Girl, my slider is going to hit you in the right spot.
Girl, my sub is the fresh fit inside you.
I think you need my beef and balls in your bread.
Make love what you want.
So much sandwich, with my meat and your buns.
You melt my heart.
Babe, I'll drive through your in n out any time of the day.
Babe, let's do it animal style anytime.
Do you want fries well done or fries light? I'll fry you just how you like it.
Do you want just the burger or the whole combo with a drink and foreplay?
Every moment is extra toasted with you.
Girl, are you trying to loose some weight? How about some protein style.
Girl, I got the quality you can taste.
Girl, I love you so much that I would pick you over in n out.
Girl, that's some nice double meat you got there.
Girl, you so hot I want to spread my sauce all over you.
Girl, your wishburger needs some meat loving.
Here comes the flying dutchman!
I cannot get enough of your spread.
I'll be in n out in a few minutes, and you will enjoy every drop of it.
It's time to put some cheese inside your buns.
John 3:16, I want an eternal life with you.
No I don't want onion with that, but I will take a sexy girl like you.
Sexing is as easy as 1, 2, 3.
Want to try the perfect sex? It is always fresh, made to order and with only the highest quality ingredients.
What is your secret menu?
Will you be eating me in the car or take me to go at your place?
You are black, I am white. Let's get some black and white shake going.
You know what else is always fresh? My cum.
At yeast you’re in my thoughts, all the time.
Babe, I got all the dough you will ever need.
Baby, I really knead you right now.
Be prepared, I’m really into roll play.
Bready for some roll play?
Can I serve you a frittata made with local ducks eggs in bed tomorrow morning?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutie pie like you!
Come to bread with me now.
Do you prefer French Press or Bialetti for your morning coffee?
Do you want to get double stuffed?
Even my new stainless steel pan set isn’t as slick as you.
Girl you look like a damn fine puff, now you just need some sweet cream inside of you.
Girl you make me rise all night long.
God put as much work into you as a fine piece of artisan cheese.
God put as much work into you as an excellent piece of artisan bread.
Have you ever tried hand-pulled, salted cardamom toffee? Why don’t we head back to my place and I’ll whip you up a batch.
Hey baby, dough you wanna get down & dirty tonight?
How hot does your gas oven get?
I am Bready for you.
I can last as long as a Le Creuset.
I can last longer than cast iron.
I feel like this can be true loaf.
I knead to put some of my seeds in your oven.
I knead you, let's roll in bed.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking.
I studied at a culinary school in France and know all the secrets to joie de vivre.
I think I could bake you feel real good.
I think we’d grow a great organic buns together.
I wanna see you rise all night long.
I would love to make you part of this season’s bounty.
I would love to stuff some of my jam in your buttery cheeks.
I’d buy you flours and anything your heart could ever want.
I’d turn vegan for you.
I’m going to start calling you blue cheese because you are dressing.
I’m local, all natural, homemade and certified organic: wanna taste?
I’m new in town, where’s the best place to get late night paté?
I’ve got some nice buns that I think you’ll like.
I'd buy you flours and anything your heart could ever want.
If I was a chalkboard, would you write the daily special on me?
If you shave your legs as well as that fennel, I can’t wait to touch them.
Is it too soon to start sowing seeds?
Is that banana from Ecuador?
Just crust me, I’ll make your fantasies come true.
Just know, I would biscuit all in the name of love.
Mmmm girl! You are so sweet. I m going to get diabetes.
Mmmm, girl you remind me of butter. I want you on everything!
Must be jelly because jam doesn’t shake like that!!!
Need a baking partner because I could fire up your oven.
Need a cooking partner because I am amazing in the kitchen.
Nice buns.
Pack your baguette and come on over, baby.
Pies aren’t the new cupcakes, baby. You are.
Rye can’t I stop thinking about you?
See you soon, my loafer.
Some sweet loving will dough you good.
Staring at you is better than looking at food porn.
Things will definitely get real toasty if I get to see you later.
Things would be a lot butter if you just came over.
This loaf of bread is stiff and 100% organic, it will satisfy you anytime.
Those short shorts look so good on you. I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.
Wait, those eggs aren’t dirty or are they.
Want to be extra naughty and buy non-organic strawberries to dip in chocolate?
Were you born on a farm? You look a-maize-ing.
When it comes to me, you’ve got free range.
Will you let me be the avocado in your sandwich?
Would you like some ranch dressing in your sweet buns?
You are my loafer.
You are my true loaf.
You can come to bread with me, if you’d like.
You know, I cook best in the morning.
You make my soufflé rise; can I buy you a drink?
You must be one spicy dish because you’re making my heartburn.
You must put a lot stuffing in your buns, because I want to eat it all.
You remind me of milk ‘cuz you’re doing my body good.
You’re as complete as quinoa.
You’re looking so sweet, you’ve got my eyes glazed over like doughnuts.
You’re my missing ingredient.
You’re so cute I could bottle you up in a mason jar.
You’re so hot that you could make creme brulée with your looks.
You’re so hot, you could make creme brulée with just your looks.
Your cupcakes make my soufflés rise.
Your name must be Candy because you look so sweet.
Your skin is smoother than the finest panna cotta.
Allow me put my sausage patty on your hotcakes.
Any girls wanna go to mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
Any girls wanna go to mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
Babe, I want to dip my sausage in your buns.
Babe, you are perfectly made for me.
Baby you are the jam in my hot cakes.
Baby you are the jam in my jelly roll.
Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of McDonalds!
Both you and McDonalds make my heard stop.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Can I have a junior chicken with a side of your number.
Come on over and I’ll give ya a Happy Meal.
Come over to my house and I’ll give ya a happy meal.
Could you double stuff my Oreo?
Could you let your hotcakes take my sausage patty?
Dating you would make you be the curry to my French fries. So yummy.
Do you work at McDonalds? Cuz I want u to be in my happy-meal!
Do you work at McDonalds? Cuz I want u to be in my happy-meal!
Do you work here? Because I’d like to order some fries with that shake.
Forget about Big Mac, try this Big Dick.
Girl when I am done with you, you won't be looking for no toys in this happy meal.
Girl, this quarter pounder will take you to a whole different level of experience.
Girl, you are my Sweet Tea.
Here let me lick the honey off those buns!!
Hey, baby, wanna dip my nuggets in your sauce?
Hey, baby, wanna taste my Special Sauce?
Hey, you have a lovely bunch of coconuts.
I always long for a chance to lick the honey off those buns.
I first panicked when my wife lying unconscious in the kitchen. I then remembered that breakfast is served at McDonalds, and relaxed.
I just wanted to know if you work here because I’d like to order some fries with that shake.
I love the way you move…like butter on a bald monkey.
I love you. I think your name is Ronald McDonalds.
I love your body. Is it from McDonald?
I love your spicy buffalo sauce.
I thought you wanted to see how my cookie crumbles.
I threw my fries on the ground because I saw a hot mom spank her kid who did so.
I wanna butter your toast and eat you for breakfast.
I want a taste of that delicious butter milk of yours.
I was wondering if you could be in my happy-meal in case you work at McDonalds.
I wish you could rub my salty French fries with some sweet ‘n’ sour sauce.
I would like you to see how my cookies crumble.
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonalds, I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it!
I’ll have my way and you’ll be loving it; so I’ll be burger king and you’ll be McDonalds.
I’m in love with your body. Did you get it from McDonalds?
If sexy were McDonalds, you would be double stuffed.
If you let me, I’ll not only butter your toast but also eat your breakfast.
If you paid me a visit, I would butter your toast and take you for breakfast.
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.
If you were a chicken to be served at McDonalds, you would be McChicken.
If you were a McCafe drink, you would be a mchottie.
If you were in McDonalds menu, you’d be McBeautiful.
If you were mine you would rub some sweet N sour sauce on my salty French fry.
If you were on the menu, you’d be a McBeautiful.
If you worked at McDonalds you would be my happy-meal.
Is your body from McDonald’s? Because I’m lovin’ it.
Is your face from McDonalds, Because I’m lovin’ it.
Let me put my Sausage Patty on your Hotcakes.
Let me rub you down with hot oil, and I’ll give you something special off my Dollar Menu.
Let me rub you down with hot oil, and I’ll give you something special off my Dollar Menu.
Like at McDonalds I LOVE to see you smile.
Like chicken nuggets entrance my taste buds, you captivate my heart.
Like Taco Bell, I eat great regardless of how late I wake up.
Like Taco Bell, I’m up late and I eat great ;).
McDonalds made their M for men’s day.
My combo meal is not complete without you.
Sleepin with me is like quizno’s.. MMM TOASTY
The way chicken nuggets enter my taste buds is the same way you captivate my heart.
The way you are going straight to my thighs you must be McDonalds.
This could be love at first bite.
This Egg White Delight isn’t nearly as delightful as you are.
This is love at first site, which is as spicy as McDonalds’ chili sauce.
Wanna see how my cookie crumbles?
Wanna see how my cookie crumbles?
Wanna see the secret prize in my Happy Meal?
Wanna taste my Spicy Buffalo Sauce?
Want a bite of this McChicken?
Why don’t you try my quarter-pounder?
Would you like a happy ending with your happy meal?
Would you like to go mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
You are almost as delightful as this Egg White Delight.
You are as spicy as chili sauce at McDonalds.
You are Ronald McDonald, right? Know what? I’m loving you.
You are spicy as chilli sauce at McDonalds. Love at first bite.
You captivate my heart like chicken nuggets entrance my taste buds.
You could be the curry sauce to my French fries. Yum girl.
You must be craving to taste my spicy buffalo sauce.
You must be the hamburglar who stole my heart.
You should let me lick the honey off those buns.
You should rub some Sweet ‘N’ Sour Sauce on my salty French fry.
You should rub some Sweet ‘N’ Sour Sauce on my salty French fry.
You stole my heart. You must be the Hamburglar.
You wanna dip my fry in your milkshake?
You would be the McGorgeous if you were a burger at McDonalds.
You’re like McDonald's baby, I’m lovin it!
You’re like McDonald's baby, I’m lovin it!
You’re lucky I haven’t eaten yet, because you can be my Happy Meal.
Your body must be from McDonalds, coz I love it.
Your nickname must be Ronald McDonald, because I’m loving you.
All the other girls are plain bagels, and you are my one and only sprinkled donut.
All you need is donuts, and love.
Are you a dirty donut, I don't mind and I'll lick you clean.
Are you a donut? I am ready to glaze you inside and out.
Are you a doughnut? Because I find you a-dough-rable.
Are you donut, because you are all sugar and curves.
Are you dunkin? Because I donut want to spend another day without you.
Babe are you a donut? I want to take you out and eat you in my car.
Babe you are finger licking good like this donut.
Babe you are like a donut, I thought I was on a diet but I don't care anymore.
Babe, I am ready to put some jam in your donut.
Babe, my eyes are glazed all over you.
Baby I love you like I love donuts.
Baby you are the jelly on my donut.
Be my donut, and I will fill your holes.
Do or Donut? I will just do you.
Do you know whats good in bed? Donut and sex.
Do you prefer donut or just nuts? I have both at my place.
Do you want to get donut or do you want to be the donut?
Donut and coffee for an amazing date?
Donut and sex?
Donut take this the wrong way, I just wanna sprinkle you with with sugar and spice.
Donut you know how much I want you?
Donuts love coffee, you got some donuts and can I buy you some coffee.
Girl I am ready to sprinkle some magical love on you.
Girl you are a donut, and I could eat donuts all night long.
Girl you must be the donut that I have been looking for, my pants are getting tight.
Girl, I am a donut without you, you make me whole.
Girl, you donut know how much I want you.
Have you seen a hot dog through a donut? I can give you a good show tonight.
How do you like your donuts? Glazed or frosted?
I am a donut and you are a donut hole, I want you inside me.
I am a donut without you, all empty in the middle.
I am glazy about you.
I am ready to fill you up with some of my magical cream.
I donut care about anything when I am with you.
I donut know what happened last night, I just knew you were hot and sweet.
I know how to make that donut taste even better, some of my man frosting.
I love you like I love my donuts.
I want to call you mine for the hole lifetime.
I want to cover you with my glaze like a donut.
I’d like to be the donut jelly that melts in your mouth.
If I were that donut you are eating, then I would already be inside you. 
If this donut is my meal, then you would be my dessert.
Let's get some sweat on that sweet donut of yours.
No sugarcoating needed, I am totally in love with you.
Oh babe, you are my sugar sweet donut.
Seeing you make me melt like jelly on a hot donut.
Sex is like donut, you know its bad for you, but it feels so good. Want some donut?
This donut hole isn't the only hole that I will be having tonight.
Want to get some donut and coffee, and perhaps sex after?
Whatever sprinkles your donut, I got some of that sweet loving.
You are hotter than donut grease.
You are like a donut. Once I taste you, I can’t stop.
You are one dough-able donut.
You are the coffee to my donut, you complete me.
You are the hole that complete my donut.
You wake up my taste buds like a tasty donut.
Babe, I am down for some fishy business for your pleasure.
Babe, I heard you like it raw.
Babe, I love you like I love my sushi, I want to roll you up and eat you raw all night long.
Babe, I want to put my eel sauce all over your sashimi.
Babe, want this hand roll as the perfect happy ending.
Beautiful, wanna play hide the temaki?
Do you want some sushi?
Do your panties smell like fish because I like sushi.
Does your pussy smell like fish? I love my sushi.
Forget about foreplay and filler rice, let's get straight to sashimi.
Girl are you sushi, you sure are soFISHticated.
Girl I heard you love sushi and raw fish, and I happen to make the best raw human roll.
Girl, do you want some of this eel?
Hey girl, I want a raw taste of your flavor sauce.
How about we take this sushi home and see if we can get some raw action.
I am soy into you.
I am sushi, eat me.
I want my girls like my sushi, raw.
If I wrap myself with seaweed, would you eat me?
If you love sushi, you will definitely love MAKIng out with me.
Let's roll in bed.
Miso hungry for you.
My love for you is like my love for sushi,
My roll grows every time I see you.
No more Mr. Rice guy, I am going for raw end of the deal.
Ready for some raw action tonight?
Soy happy to roll with you in bed.
Sushi is not the only thing raw that you will taste tonight.
Time for some sushi, Wassa Bae.
Wanna make some sticky rice?
Want sushi to go and chill?
What is your favorite position? Nigiri, Maki, or Uramaki?
What's your favorite roll? Dragon, rainbow, penis?
Why don't you take some clothes off and have a raw good time.
Why use wasabi when you are so hot already?
You are soy beautiful.
You are the seaweed to my sushi rice.
You are the Wasabi to my sushi.
Your raw body would look better rolled up in my bedsheets.
Come on babe, I'll satisfy your hunger and make you feel cheap and ashamed afterwards.
Come up to my room, I'll open the package, add some water, and show you a good time with my cup noodle.
Do you love ramen? Me too from the instant I met you.
Do you want some ramen?
Girl I am soft from your hotness.
Girl I want to pour my ramen into your bowl.
Hey baby, want three minutes of instant salty broth goodness in your mouth?
Hey girl you handle my noodle just right.
Hey girl your ramen still needs more topping, let's get me on top of you.
How does Ramen flirt? They send noods.
I am a hopeless Ramen-tic for you.
I could never get tired of ramen if you are the topping on it.
I like my ramen noodle naked, hot, and bold.
I love ramen just like I love you, I'll shoyu.
I only need one topping in my life and baby that is you.
I ramenbered how much I love you.
Is it safe to say ramen is from Japan? So to get some I will I need to get in Japanties.
Is the soup hot? Oh wait it's just you.
My ramen needs a little more topping. Can you be that for me?
My ramen noodle gets extra firm for you.
Naked ramen, zero broth and all flavor.
No matter how you like ramen, I'll be firm and soft until you are satisfied.
Ramen love with you.
Slurp me.
The best ramen that you will ever have is this men.
Want a taste of this thick tonkotsu broth made with sweet lovin?
What flavor soup base? I am Soy into you.
What topping? You're eggactly what I'm looking for.
You are my favorite topping in this ramen shop.
You eat Ramen Noodles, well I'll be Ramen my noodle in you later .
You make Mi So happy.
All I want is Vitamin B with you.
Are you multivitamin? Because you have everything that I need.
Are you omega-3? Because you support my healthy heart.
Are you stressed? I heard Magnesium and Vitamin D vitamin helps, and ...sex helps too.
Are you vitamin C? I am getting sick missing you.
Are you vitamin deficient? I know a way to pump some into you.
Babe are you calcium pill, because you made my bone hard.
Did you get some magnesium supplement? Because you are totally magnetic.
Do you need Vitamin Me?
Girl are you an iron supplement? Because you got my blood flowing.
I am down for anything, including that sweet Vitamin A(ss) of yours.
I don't need no vitamin complex, all I want is just simply You.
I got some Vitamin D for you.
I know that you want me bad, but do not chew before swallowing.
My doctor said that I'm deficient in vitamin U. The only cure is if you vitamin C me.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
What vitamin are you looking for? I heard semen is made out plenty of proteins, vitamin, and mineral, and I happen to have some with me right now. Want some?
You do not need anymore Chili Pepper Extracts, because babe you are already HOT.
You must be a vitamin, because I cannot function without you.
You must be regulated by the FDA because you treat, cure, and prevent my broken heart.
Baby are you an antioxidant? Because you keep this free radical in check.
If you ask me what kind of vitamin are you, I want you to be VitaMIN E.
Are you Choco Taco? Because everyone wants you.
Are you made of ice cream? Because I can't wait to eat you up!
Baby, I want you to be the Baskin to my Robbins, the Ben to my Jerry, my Dairy Queen of Queens.
Baby, you must've just been churned, because you are looking so fresh.
Call me a dentist, because you are too sweet.
Can I double stuff your ice cream sandwich?
Can I have a waffle cone, and 2 scoops of you.
Come on baby, sex is like ice cream: Even if it's bad, it's still pretty good.
Cone me.
Do you like cherry on top? If not can I have yours?
Do you like frozen yogurt/ice cream? Because you have it around your lips.
Do you want fries with that milk shake!
Every time I see you, I feel my cream get whipped, my banana get split, and my spoon get licked.
Have you had a 8" Popsicle before? Would you want to?
Hey baby you want to share a banana split? Split your legs and let me pop your cherry.
How about I dip my frozen yogurt in your hot fudge?
I brought you a small spoon, in case you wanted to sample my flavor.
I got ice cream upstairs. Wanna fuck?
I have a 10" ice cream cone baby, why don't you lick it?
I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place.
I like my women, like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers.
I love you like how I love my sorbet – juicy.
I love you more than ice cream.
I melt with you.
I must be made of pecan pralines, because I am NUTS for you!
I scream, you scream, we both scream because we were meant to be together.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen, You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
I'm not here to play mind games. Except brain freeze.
If you were a frozen yogurt flavor which flavor would you be? Salted caramel. Salted caramel? You were supposed to say vanilla, I was gonna say chocolate and then I was gonna say we should swirl sometime.
If you were ice cream, you would be my favorite flavor.
If you're Rocky Road, then I would love to pave you.
Is that a bomb pops/drumstick in your pocket or you are happy to see me?
It must be hot in here, because you're making me melt.
Lick me, I'm mint!
One scoop of me, plus one scoop of you, equals a big bowl of cute.
our legs are like banana split, I want to spread them and eat the creamy good stuff in the middle.
Q: How did Reese eat her ice cream? A: Witherspoon.
Q: How do astronauts eat their ice creams? A: In floats!
Q: What did the newspaper say to the ice cream? A: What's the scoop
Q: What do you get from an Alaskan cow ? A: Ice Cream
Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a bowl of ice cream by its diameter? A: Pi a'la mode.
Q: What happens after you eat an entire gallon of "All Natural" ice cream? A: You get Breyer's remorse!
Q: Why don't they make ice cream from breast milk? A: It's an utterly bad idea!
Some people call them sprinkles. Some call them jimmies. I call them OBSTACLES on the path from me to you!
What else did one ice cream scoop say to the other?
What is the difference between gelato and ice cream?
When it comes to building our own sundae, I say we hold the cherry, and each other.
Would you like to come back to my place and eat ice cream and watch cartoon?
Would you like to go grab some Gelato?
You are like the sprinkles on my ice cream.
You are on my list of things I'd do for a Klondike bar.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy ice cream, which is kinda the same thing.
You can't spell Ice Cream without 'M-E'!
You could never be ice cream, because you are too hot!
You look all natural. I bet you say that to all the sherbets...
You look like a bowl of ice cream, I just gotta spoon you.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You must be a gelato, because you make ice creams look bad.
You must be frozen yogurt, because I want to spoon you.
You must be Oreo Ice Cream Sandwich, because I want to lick you your smooth cookies n' cream filling.
You put the 'hot' in hot fudge sundae.
You're so smooth you're making me lose my chips!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
Your like 7-11 everyone gets a slurp and I think its my turn
Your serve is so soft, but your cone is so firm.
Anybody ever tell you that you look a lot like Denise Minger?
Are you kidding me? My omega 6 to 3 ratio is fricking Okinawan.
Baby, I can turn your world 180 degrees, Matt Stone style.
Baby, I have the best grassfed butter in town.
Clearly your LDL is of the large, fluffy kind. Very impressive indeed.
Come on over to my place, I've got a free trial of a very expensive protein shake.
Come over to my place and you can milk my cow.
Come over tonight and I'll show you what the posterior kinetic chain is really good for.
Did you hear the one about Dr. Davis and the butter churn?
Don't worry, my Room is pitch black and sound insulated.
Got any paleo in ya? Want about 7 inches?
Have you seen the latest studies linking Sex to improved insulin sensitivity?
Hey baby, I usually go full paleo, but even I can 't resist those buns.
Hey girl, breakfast was delicious. No one could have guessed you'd hidden raw liver in my smoothie.
Hey girl, I know how you feel about refined carbohydrates. So instead of buying you chocolates. I got you 50 lbs of raw, organic grassfed butter.
Hey girl, this local, raw, unfiltered honey is twice as sweet as white sugar, but it’s still not as sweet as you.
Hey girl. Let’s do it tonight. Let’s finally set up that kombucha continuous brew system.
Hey girl. You were right. Beet kvass is a better pairing for duck liver pâté than red wine.
Hey girl. You’ve filled all the GAPS in my heart and soul with your bone broth, ghee, sauerkraut juice, and nut bread.
Hey, baby, how about some primal reenactment?
I believe in getting in touch with my primal side as often as possible
I can dead lift twice your bodyweight - so come over to my cave so I can workout
I couldn't help but notice that you don't use deodorant.
I eat only the finest of free-range meats
I like my meat raw, of course
I like to go as bare as possible...when running...
I love your primal body.
I make incredible Paleo Chili. Ill show you the "secret ingredient".
I make sure to use every part of the animal
I put coconut oil on everything
I'll show you mine if you show me yours - vitamin D levels that is.
I'm not afraid of commitment – my fridge is stuffed with Kerrygold.
I'm not just Paleo, I'm Paleo 2.0.
I'm totally Paleo. Nothing but water and Flintstones Vitamins.
I've got bacon.
I've got some ideas for High Intensity Exercise....
If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
It's getting late, we'd better get you to bed quick before your Melatonin becomes disrupted.
Let's limbo--how low (carb) can you go?
Lets go back to your place and grind some organ meat. Or we can go to mine. I'll give you the best brain you've ever had.
Listen. I don't like to talk bad about anybody behind their back, but you don't want to get with that dude. He's not your type. He eats margarine.
Monogamy is for agrarians
Pardon me, are you bio-available?
Speaking of Free the Animal, I have an amazing collection of food porn back at my place.
This is the best steakhouse in town...according to Peter at Hyperlipid.
Want me to slip some organ meat into your chili?
Why don't you come over to my place tonight and show me how you make beef jerky?
Would you like Steak or Eggs with your Bacon?
Would you like to come up and see my etchings of Chesterton?
Yeah, I read Jimmy Moore's menus.
You are as pretty as the cover of Chronicles.
You are like honey on my bacon.
You are looking fine in those Vibrams.
You can butter my bacon, baby!
Are you a cup of hot Tazo tea? Because I barely notice you at Starbucks.
Are you a Frappuccino? Because I want to be that whipped cream on the top.
Are you a Gingersnap/Eggnog Latte? Because I want to bring you home for the holiday.
Are you a Starbucks Refresher? Because you are a hidden gem.
Are you from Starbucks? Because i like you a latte.
Be my lonely Starbucks lover.
Careful, you're extreme hot
Do you ever feel ripped off when you pay $1.50 for brewed coffee?
Do you have any idea what a Starbuck is?
Do you know if they have hamburgers here?
Do you know what else is trenta?
Do you think Columbia is mad at Seattle for being the new mecca for coffee?
Do you think Mr. Starbuck really drinks Sanka?
Do you think Starbucks has a secret recipe like Coca-Cola and they keep it locked in a safe somewhere?
Doesn't Starbucks sound like an ancient Roman god, Starbuck, god of coffee beans and stimulants?
Doesn't the smell of coffee and hip-retro music want to make you fall in love?
Excuse me, is it you or my coffee that's getting my heart rate up?
Girl you better order a Trenta coffee, because guess what is going to keep you up all night later.
Hey girl, are you a chai? Because I’d like to get dirty.
Hey girl, are you a faulty French press? Because I’d like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
Hey there, did someone request a little extra whip?
Hey, if I bought you a drink would you let me sit here for several hours and work on this screenplay?
Hey, wait, give me another shot!
Hey, was your daddy a barista? Because you are ALMOST what I ordered.
How many coffee beans do you think go into one espresso shot?
How would you like your coffee in the morning?
I like my coffee like I like my men: either tall or with a confusing Italian name.
I like my girl like my chai tea – tall and dirty.
I like you about 1/18 as much as I like a Pumpkin Spice Latte, which is to say "I love you forever, let’s get married."
I love woman that can appreciate good coffee.
I love you frizzio
I love your green apron.
I might not be a hipster, but I love seeing you at Starbucks everyday.
I never thought that I would meet the woman of my dreams at a coffee joint. Am I dreaming?
I will follow you wherever you go as long as there is Starbucks.
I will keep you warmer than any Starbucks ever has. Seriously though, would you like to cuddle?
I’d take you to coffee but your Starbucks drink order embarrasses me.
If you are an espresso shot, I would be so addicted to you that I have to attend Coffee Anonymous program.
Is that a trenta ice coffee under your coat or are you happy to see me?
Let's go back to my place and Frappuccino.
Let's occupy Starbucks instead.
My blood type is Starbucks.
No amount of Starbucks Coffee could keep me awake like you do.
Tell me where you are sitting. I want to sit next to you.
There might be a Starbucks at every corner, but I only love the one with you.
Wanna Pike up your life?
Want some non-dairy creamer?
What do you think the chances are that the government owns Starbucks and they're putting mind-altering drugs into the coffee to manipulate our very existence?
What's your favorite Starbucks drink?
Who is this Starbuck guy anyway?
Who knew they start selling panini here? Can I get you one?
Would you hold it against me if I told you that you are hotter than this cup of coffee?
Wouldn't it be nice if we can start our own local micro-bean farms?
You are sweeter than the s'more Frappuccino!
You warm my heart more than the salted caramel hot chocolate in a cold winter day.
Are you a bread dough? Because I'd knead you.
Are you a frito because your really corny
Are you an assorted cheese platter? Because I want to taste every part of you.
Are you espresso? Because I like you a latte.
Are you interested in a fromage a trois?
Are you into salads? Because I think I’m falling in lovage.
Baby do you like deli meat? Come back to my place and I will let you try the sausage.
Baby I love you like a fat man loves premium deli meat!
Bag it and tag it.
Bet you've never seen a kielbasa like that, huh?
Can I double stuff your pastrami sandwich?
Can I have a waffle cone, and 2 scoops of you.
Can I sprinkle some sea salt on your salad?
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Can you put some hot sauce on my meat loaf, I need some spice in my life
Come on baby, sex is like meat loaf: Even if it's bad, it's still pretty good.
Do like meat and ass? Can i stick my meat in your ass
Do you know the difference between a sandwich and a blow job? No! Well in that case, D'ya wanna do lunch?
Do you like Bacon? Wanna strip?
Do you like Braunschweiger girl? because I'd put my wiener between those buns
Do you like chocolate, because your gonna choke a lot on this dick
Do you like Cool Whip on your pie, because its gonna be Cool to whip this dick in yo face
Do you like corned beef? If not can I have yours?
Do you like Jalapenos?...Because in a minute imma be jalapeno pu**y.
Do you like pudding? Because after I finish my sandwich I'll be pudding this dick in your mouth
Do you prefer Espresso or brewed coffee for your morning coffee?
Do you wanna come over? I'm feeling provolonely.
Do you want chips with that sandwich?
Do you want to sandwich? My salami in your buns.
Dressing on the side?
Girl you're sweet as the cookie that I get with my sandwich, can I taste u 'Now And Later'
Girl your like a candy bar half nuts n half sweet!
Girl......you are like a tall glass of water. And im telling youuuu straight up im thirsty.
God put as much work into you as a fine piece of artisan cheese.
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
Gurl, you should sell beerwurst. Because you already know how to make a wiener stand.
Have you ever stuck a sausage through a bagel? Do you want to?
Hershey factories make millions of kisses a day, but I'm asking for only one.
Hey ,they call me coffee because I grind so fine
Hey babe, how about some prosciutto and some sex? [Slap] HEY! What's wrong, you don't like prosciutto?
Hey baby, do you want to get lunch or do you want to be lunch?
Hey girl, you look real gouda.
Hey girl, your butte is outta this world.
Hey you thirsty, because I can give you the Sunny-D
Holy guacamole, I'd love for you to pad thai me up, place your hot dog between my buns and do your Worcestershire to me.
How about a 12' hot Italian
How about a little slap and tickle with your soup and pickle
How about a ride on the bologna pony?
How about we check out the new deli and write about it on my food blog?
How hot does your gas oven get?
I always read the Menu, because there is always me and you
I am NOT a bologna sandwich.
I can last as long as a Mozzarella cheese.
I can't control myself around you. You turn me into a muenster.
I could rack my grain and still wouldn't be able to think of a prettier girl than you.
I don't know much about sandwich but DAMN you make the cheese melts inside my grill cheese sandwich
I don't mean to brag, but I'm grate in bread.
I got an extra slice for you.
I have a bunch of fresh cut roast beef back at my place.
I have got your pound of meat right here baby.
I just scored a rare sampling of imported olive oils; wanna come back to my place for a tasting?
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
I know we just met, but will you reuben me?
I like my women, like I like my Mortadella, cured and packed with olives.
I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey.
I love you l like a hot stove baby! I will put a bun in your oven!
I may acting like a ham, but you can be rest assured I'm 100% kosher.
I wanna butter your toast and eat you for breakfast.
I wanna open your bread basket and eat a BOLOGNA sandwich.
I want to grow mold with you. Just like blue cheese.
I want you more then a smoothie on a hot summer day.
I would love to relish you.
I would so make your sandwich
I'd take you to the deli but there's nothing more delicatessen than you
I'll have the club sandwich and fries and your number to go.
I'm a master baker.
I'm a stud muffin baby, why don't you take a bite?
I'm German, do you want to see my weinerschnitzel?
I'm going to make you breakfast...Omelet you suck this dick.
I'm like chocolate pudding, I may not look that good but I taste great
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my milkshake
I’m local, all natural, homemade and certified organic: wanna taste?
I’m new in town, where’s the best place to get late night BLT?
If I was a chalkboard, would you write the daily special on me?
If it's true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
If sexy were sandwich. you would be double stacked.
If this were an artisan meat market, I would take you home for dinner.
If you get with me, I can promise more than just a gouda time.
If you were a salad, I would drizzle a balsamic reduction all over you.
If you were going to open a deli, what would you call it? Mine would be Devour.
If your lips are foreign imported wine, then I want to get savor each sip.
Insert meat and mayo here.
Is that a pickle in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your Daddy a baker? Because your buns are fantastic!
Just add dressing.
Keep me in the fridge till you want me.
Let's ditch this party and hit the after-Havarti at my place.
Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you?
Let's just stay in and curdle tonight.
Let’s pretend you’re a potato salad and I’ll be a spoon. Can I dig in now?
Lunch is on me. I know the best deli in town.
Mmm girl! You so sweet I'm gonna get diabetes!
My crush on you makes me crumble like feta.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Oh are you craving sausage? Because I'll gladly give you my organic sausage.
Oh my God, that is the hottest thing ever. You made me a sandwich?
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda. Life would be feta if we were togetha. We'll be grate.
Please brie my valentine.
See this slice of bread? You are the best thing in here since that.
So do you like Italian or salami? [choose one] because i need to know what kind of sandwiches to order you for lunch.
The best buns in town just walked in the door.
Wanna spend the night at my cottage?
We can sandwich toast to orgasms.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a meat market like this
Will you let me be the avocado in your turkey sandwich?
Without you, my heart feels like swiss cheese – full of holes.
Would you let me cater your event? I want to taste every part of you.
You & Me. Sounds like a great idea, or maybe the name of the next hot deli. You in?
You are a stack of cold cut - without you my sandwiches will be meaningless.
You are my missing ingredient.
You are sexy enough to make me a sandwich.
You are the cheese to my macaroni.
You like making sandwiches?
You look gouda nuff to eat.
You look like a bowl of macaroni salad, I just gotta spoon you.
You look like a piece of pastry inside the glass display case that I'm dying to get a piece of.
You look so good, I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit!
You looking at me is making me turn as red as that roasted beet salad.
You make me melt like cheese in the Hot Capicola Sandwich.
You must be potato salad because you're making my mouth watery.
You remind me of fast food because I want to take you out, and then eat you in my car.
You sound like a delicious deli sandwich that I am hungry for.
You're hotter and sweeter than that Capicolla
You're like a fancy French cheese. Some people find your strong aroma offensive but I know it just means you're high quality.
You're like a Pringles. Once I pop you, I can't stop you!
You're the Colby to my Monterey Jack.
You’re like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.
You’re looking so sweet, you’ve got my eyes glazed over like honey ham.
You’re so cute I could bottle you up in a tip jar.
You’re spicier than jalapeno.
Your eyes are as effervescent as this sparkling water.
Your intellect turns me on. You're sharp as cheddar.
Your legs are like mayonnaise, smooth creamy and easy to spread.
Your name must be Candy… Because you look so sweet.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Your skin is smoother than the finest panna cotta.
Your so fine, I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast.
Am I drunk or are you really that beautiful?
And I thought the beer was good here…
Are you a frozen margarita? Because you just made my brain stop working.
Are you going to finish that? (pointing at her/his drink)
Baby, you’re the hot ass in my shot glass.
Can I ask you a personal question? Beer or wine?
Did you slip some Fire-whiskey into my drink, or are you just getting hotter?
Did you steal my beer? That one looks just like the one I was drinking.
Do you like blow jobs or sex on the beach? I’m talking cocktails of course.
Do you like dancing? Me too…My favorite dance is kind of a slow one, but a high form of art. It starts seated while moving one arm from a horizontal position to vertical many times, later it turns into something best described as crawling and it ends in a motionless pose on the floor. It’s such a catchy dance that even the bouncers of this bar usually join me. You want me to show you?
Do you want a drink? Yes? Me too, please give me a double whiskey, 5 shots of tequila and a large beer.
Do you want to have a drink and have sex with me? No? What about just sex?
Excuse me, but I just ordered a bottle of (drink), and it turns out my friend can't make it after all. I'd hate for it to go to waste. Would you care to join me?
Excuse me. I am not sure if you’re aware but i’m extremely attractive.
Excuse me. My friend here and I are debating about which of these (drinks) is better. What do you think?
For the price of that drink you could have had me for the night.
Have you tried the (drink) here? It's terrific!
Here’s $20. Drink until I’m good looking and then come talk to me.
Hey! You owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked by.
Hi there, are you drinking a beer? Would like to join me in a game of pool?
Hi there, are you drinking a glass of wine? I love travel how about you?
Hi there, are you drinking a mixed drink? Mind if I join you.
Hi there, is that a tequila shot? Let's take the party back to my room.
I can’t believe they don’t serve Everclear in this place!
I see you’ve got some tequila’s. Does that mean you wanna give me a shot?
I think all the bottles in this bar must be jealous, cause your beauty is the most intoxicating thing in this place.
I want to slam dunk your face with my face.
I’m fine with being just friends, as long as I can seduce you when we’re drunk.
I’m letting girls take body shots off my amazing torso for $5. How many can I count you in for?
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
I’m not Irish, but I play drunk very well!
I’m wasted but the condom in my wallet doesn’t have to be.
I’ve had quite a bit to drink, and you’re beginning to look pretty good.
In medieval times my beer belly would be a sign of prosperity and attractiveness, what do you think?
Let’s get drunk and tell each other everything we’re too afraid to say sober.
Look I’m just trying to drink here, but you’re very distracting.
Mind if I get drunk with you?
Most men/women are intimidated by me. It’s okay, you don’t have to be scared to buy me a drink.
Sure I could buy you a drink, but I’d be jealous of the glass.
This isn’t a beer belly, it’s a fuel tank for my love machine.
What do you say I buy the booze and you show me how to shake it.
What do you say we get out of here? I bet you’re way better to wake up next to than a hangover.
When you’re done with that beer shall we play spin the bottle?
Would you like to come back to my place and watch Netflix while drinking cheap wine and eating Chipotle?
You’re not drunk until you make out with me.
Baby, you have the passion and figure of a Vegan.
Baby, you have the passion of a vegan as well as figure of a vegetarian.
Baby, you marinate my tempeh.
Can I cover you in agave nectar?
Could you help me out? I’m trying to decide if I want to keep these new hemp sheets, but I need a second opinion.
Do you have a very good second? I’m trying to decide if I wish to keep these new hemp linens, but I need an additional opinion.
Do you like my new skirt? I love pleather but it makes me all hot and sweaty.
Even though I'm a vegetarian, I still need my daily dose of meat and protein darling.
Hey baby, can I milk your soybeans?
How do you get your protein?
How do you like your eggs, substituted or fertilized?
I am sure we could both reach the big O in no time. Organic that is.
I have new hemp sheets, wanna try them out?
I have veganaise in the fridge at my place.
I know all the E-numbers.
I may be a vegan, but I want your meat.
I want you to stuff me like a tofurkey.
I would like to give a kiss tofu.
I'll eat your peach if you try my zucchini.
I’d be willing to give up meat — but I’d never give up you.
I’ll eat Hip Whip on anything.
If I give you my number will you promise to kale me?
If I said you had the body of a vegetarian, would you hold it against me?
If I said you had the body of an all-natural, organic-living, animal-loving, environment-nurturing, whale-saving sex machine, would you hold it against me? Please?
May I ACTUALLY take your photo? It’s for the World’s Sexiest Vegetarian level of competition.
May I take your picture? It’s for the World’s Sexiest Vegetarian competition.
Mmmmm. I could really go for a hot veggie dog right about now.
My heart is certified cage-free, so my love can roam to you.
Protein, did you say protein? I have endless amounts of protein if needed.
Read more: http://www.mademan.com/mm/10-funny-pick-lines-vegetarians.html#ixzz3WkwMm7gC
The World's Sexiest Vegetarian is looking for models, can I submit your picture?
Wanna come up and see my Vitamix?
Wanna go to the grocery store and read labels?
What’s your favorite thing to do with agave nectar?
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Ya wanna mix vitamins?
You are a vegetarian? Let me toss a salad for you.
You’re a hot chick…pea eater.
Your organic cotton t-shirt looks really soft. Can I feel it?
Your organic shirt looks great on you, can I touch it?
You are the only meat I will ever put in my body.
