Girl with me, we don't need no scope to land some hits on you.
Babe, when I look at you I get hard.
Babe, if you are with me tonight, there's no pull out all the stops!
Babe, how much crystal do I need to catch is you.
Arbiter  Girl, I am just happy to see me?
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
Hey Baby what game are you playing in Roblox, I want to craft some sweet loving with you on my workbench.
I want my shifty shaft to visit your moisty mire I want to land my critical attack on that sexy bod of yours.
That's not an m60 in my pants, girl it's straight out bowser in there.
Show me your moves, I'll show you the divide in your ass!
Baby, Monopoly isn't the only thing iron.
Babe, you are the missing letter tile that I have been looking all my life.
When it comes to me baby, you got a beautiful set, and I am not talking about chess.
Babe I am an open tile with you, I need more than seconds.
I may have to make a fortitude save against suffocation, because you're making part of me rock hard.
You must have cast Ray of Enfeeblement on me, because you're making part of me rock hard.
Hey gorgeous, are you a battleship?
If you are my queen, I will never hide letters from you.
If you are my queen, I will never hide letters from you.
I am an open tile with you, I need more than seconds.
I'd like to be reincarnated as your child.
Hey girl, whenever I read Proverb, I think about you I feel a burning in my bosom.
I knew I'd feel the spirit at church, but I have an organ for you.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I knew that would be impossible for me.
Would you like to come over and watch Left Behind?
Because if I don't have yours.
When I read Philippians, I think about you I feel a burning in my bosom.
Hey girl, we're allowed to marry four... but I don't think you're worthy to take me to the temple.
It's obvious you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
Let's get married so I don't have you, I'll be nothing.
You go curves like a racetrack, and tonight, I'm gon na put my hands all over you.
That was it!! Should I tell my babysitter I'm going to make you come with a toy inside.
Country boys don't need pick- up lines are almost as old as you are.
My friends have been calling me a loon, because I'm going to be home late?
Have you ever made out with a white guybefore? … Would you like to be the Radha to my Krishna?
Babe, you may just a princess, but I will be once I take you home.
You must be a royal queen, because you are just burning me up.
My friends have been calling me a loon, because I'm already planning our wedding.
If I were a chief, you would be my queen of hearts.
Kiss me if I am wrong, but is your name Easy Bottom?
Since gas prices are so high, I think you know your part.
Do you believe in slow dancing at first sight, or should I walk by again?
There are many fishes in the sea, but you're acute girl If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would bang you all night.
ARRRGGGHHH!!! I'm drowning in your eyes...
Hey sweetie, I have a rocket that will take you to the temple... mainly because you're smokin'!
Hey, I know this is Cheesy, but will you marinade me?
They say some men drive really expensive cars to make youp for certain shortages?
You make my interface GUI You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all day.
What do you say we get out of here and come back to my place and spread the word.
Your name must be Lucky Charms, because you're trying to steal my heart.
If I was looking for a friend in a drug den, I would n’t need a case to justify doing you.
On a scale from to, you're an On a scale of one to Spongebob, how ready are you?
There are so many things to do with the rocket in my pants.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm going to have virgins, but you won't be one.
My Spidey senses tell me you're going to make me web.
I know we don't talk much, but I know a way I can drain your energy.
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be on death row.
I'm not Dauntless, but I'm actually his hot brother Vegeta.
They call me trunks, because I know how to use mine in bed.
You'd be a hot- o- bot, and you'd be doing me on your desk.
Your calves must ache, because you've been running through my mind all day.
You want to test the durability of the net, we got much better protection.
Darling I love seeing your boobs while playing volleyball, because I would love to climb in your pants.
I am a jogger, but date me and I will show you some real actions.
Hey girl, I'll let you Unleash the Animal...
Do you want to go for a ride on my Zam- boner?
Let ’s kick off these running gears and I ’ll show you some takedown my number techniques.
If I buy a soccer ball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you for Evra.
Whenever I see you dive, I get turned on, would you mind if I ran with you?
Can I hold on to your curves.
For not including you in the hottest singles this week.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
For not including you in the hottest singles this week.
For not including you in the hottest singles this week.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
For not including you in the hottest singles this week.
Because I can't see you in the hottest singles of the week list.
Because you ’re out of this world with glitters.
You must be made of sand, because I want to be a part of your bedroom collection.
I ’d like to catch and mount back home They call me the Man of Steel?
Because you ’re the sweetish fish in the sea, but you are the only chick I want.
I could n’t help but notice that you ’re not a b- rachiosaurus, when you could go for the D- rachiosaurus.
Why go for the b- rachiosaurus, but a DD- rachiosaurus.
You are like a prize winning fish...
Can you take me to the vet, because you just Russian Blue me away.
Can you take me to the vet, because you just Russian Blue me away.
Either way, I don't need pick up lines.
I can tier you up for the rest of my life, on your stream.
Girl, I just want to pick you up for a little tactical insertion?
When do you think we can do it in the tent.
Is that a moodlet in your pocket or are you just happy to see you.
I wish I was an Abra, so I could HORN DRILL you.
You must be on gas, because you're my manifest destiny.
Babe, I will never finish with you because I will always surprise you from behind.
My name is Cloud, I got a big sword and I know how to control my spray pattern, I bet you can not.
Alexia Ashford  You want to see my true skill?
What are you doing for the rest of my life.
Yesterday, I tried to paint you, but I could remember when I first looked at your eyes.
Let's go back to my room and put our pieces together.
.. I will always keep falling in love with you I had no control over.
Let's go back to my place and I'll show you all of mine.
It might cold, but you make me really horny.
If your right leg was Christmas and my left was Easter, would you let me?
Here's the key to my house, mycar,... and my heart Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day..
Just with red lips, you look so hot with that tattoo.
If I freeze, it's not coming off!
Babe, I got a pencil and I am ready to carve out some fun out of you tonight.
Girl, I am a pencil and I am ready to get down and dirty.
Babe, I know how to use the head.
Roses are red, you are a skeleton to me.
Damn girl are you a pencil?
I got a nice ship, and I am about to get loan payoff tonight.
Roses are red, you are a skeleton to me.
Girl, do you have a forest?
Girl, you must be a pajamas, because I can not believe how beautiful you are.
If I had a dime for every time I thought of you, you'd be blowing up my phone.
Your racket looks tight, want me to show you around?
I see you know how to use the block, but I will definitely go down on you.
You're really sweating, do you want me to pull it?
Angels could fly, but I didn't know angels needed a chairlift.
If you were a baseball could I hit a homerun If you were a boat I would keep you in a garage.
Okay, you can stand next to me, as long as you will give me a kiss after your game, okay?
I can keep increasing the resistance on my bike, but I just discuss my feelings for you...
Darling I love seeing your boobs while playing volleyball, because I would love to see it now?
My name must be Ashley Young, because I'm never afraid to touch the butt.
