Are you a boat? Because I want to board you.
Are you a boat? Because you need some captain to enter your pit.
Are you a bowman? Because I’d love to see you blow the guy.
Are you a captain of a ship? Because I want to become the captain of our own destiny.
Are you a Sunfish? Because I’d like to find out how tight your cockpit is.
Are You A Tug Boat? Because, I want you to tug my large vessel.
Are you the boat from finding nemo? Because from the moment I saw you, I am lost.
As I looked down at the dark ocean from the boat, I feel I was staring into your eyes.
Babe ahoy!
Babe, I know how to leverage my paddle right into your waters.
Babe, my boat is going to show you the world.
Babe, time to sheet in and bare away.
Babe, want to go for a ride on my big dinghy?
Babe, with you, I don't need to bring my paddle to your motorboat.
Baby I can float your boat, now why don't you come over here and let me stick mine down your throat.
Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain.
Blue sky above my head, calm sea beneath my boat, wind blows upon me saying your name.
Continue to rock my boat and don’t be afraid for if you fall. You will just get more wet.
Continue to row your boat until you come to the destination you desire.
Do you boat? Would you be interested in a little row-mance between us?
Do you like it when It gets rough and high? Babe you know how to use the head.
Does your cat go into the water? Because my boat needs some pussy tonight.
Does your mom care that I'm in your boat?
Girl, as soon as you blow, this sail boat is going to sail.
Girl, can I put some boat fuel into your tank?
Girl, I am a drifting boat until I met you. You give me meaning.
Girl, I don't have a boat. But I got better ride to get you to paradise.
Girl, I want to wing you tonight.
Girl, I've never been lost at sea, but you making me feel lost tonight.
Girl, you could ride my boat of love any time.
Girl, you look like a safe place. I want to drop my anchor into your island.
Girl, you put the motorboat in your boat tank fuel.
Girl, you so hot that I want to name my boat after you.
Girl, you want to see how I can harden up on demand?
Got a boat? The waves won't be the only thing rocking you tonight.
Hello there, you should use your butt, not your back.
Hey babe, wanna check out my life jacket tan?
Hey baby, are you a tsunami? Because you can rock my boat all night long.
I always practice good seamanship.
I can show you how to row the boat.
I can't stop sinking a boat into your waters.
I fall in love with you but when I come too deeply it drowns me.
I got a nice ship, and I am not afraid to get down and wet tonight.
I got the blocks and leverage to move you tonight.
I know how to rub down the topsides and the bottom.
I like my men like the Mississippi River: long, strong, and ready to rock my boat.
I might not have inches. But its not the size of the boat its the motion of the ocean.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran my boat into yours.
I will not get tired of sailing this boat until I reach you for you are my life.
I'd like your boat to pull in my pier.
I'd love to dock my boat in your harbor.
I'd love to get you in my gravy boat.
If ya wanna ride, I have plenty of rope to tie you up with later.
If you want to please me, just get on a boat.
If you were a boat I would keep you in my garage.
I'll let you raise my spin pole.
I'll put the wind in your sails if you raise my mast.
I'm not much for boats. But I can see myself in a ship with you.
In every turn of the boat, it felt as if I’ve found you somewhere on the pages of my book.
Is that a boat paddle in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It’s the motion of the ocean not the size of the wave.
It's not about the size of the boat, it's about how you sail you.
It's not the size of the boat, but how fast it sinks.
I've got something you can catch.
Just like the boat, my heart swings back and forth to the oceans every time I see you.
Let this boat be our shelter under the stars.
Looks like your boat needs some seamen and I have the perfect crew.
Nice boat, wanna come aboard?
Nice dock, mind if I park my boat in it?
No strong wave nor angry sea could ever break a sturdy and firm ship.
On a boat, in a car, with your toes all curled - Oh, the places we'll go when I rock your world!
Once you get on my boat, you will never need another vessel.
Permission to board?
Remove all your worries in life, throw them in the sea and let them sink deeply at the bottom.
Row row row you boat, gently down the stream. Merrily, merrily, merrily, I can make you scream.
Take care of this boat for it will surely take care of you during the stormy nights.
These dark clouds and strong wind could not hinder my boat in coming to you my love.
This boat is like me, I could save you in your stormy days and darkest nights.
This ship could take you a thousand miles and could take you toward my heart.
Wanna put your anchor in my harbor?
Want to bounce my pole up?
Want to go back to me ship and rock the boat?
We are all like a boat. We keep on sailing that waves don’t matter anymore.
We don’t know when the boat will flip and toss us apart, but we should keep on sailing.
When I see you my main sail rise.
Why don't you come back to my place, and we can do some world-shaking of our own.
With you, I could travel the whole world with just a boat for our love will make it possible.
Without you in my life is like a boat without a crew, it is directionless meaningless.
Would you like to see how long my boat is?
Would you like to sip on a margarita laying on a boat watching a sunset on a calm night?
You can climb my mast anytime!
You got any wind? Because we are going places if you could blow my sails.
You got boat? Because I saw you in my wet dream.
You got the goods, babe I'd motor boat you any time.
You got the harbor. I got the boat. What say we tie up for the night?
You must be a ship, because you have always been on my radar.
You rock my boat.
You so hot, you turn my dingy into a full sized yacht.
Your boat must be leaking. Need any holes bunged up?
You're like an island where everyone wants to dock his ship.
Are you my pajamas? Because I cannot fall asleep without you.
Babe, once you are with me, you do not need no pajamas, because we will be naked all night.
Forget about PJ's. I am more into BJ's.
Girl I want to be your pajamas, so you never have to sleep alone.
Girl, are you pajamas? Because I want to fall asleep with you every night.
Girl, I want to slip into comfortable Pajamas, you.
Girl, I will be your pajamas tonight. Because no matter what, I will be there for you at the end of the day.
Girl, you must be a pajamas, because I can picture myself sleeping with you every night.
How about we turn your pretty gown into a nightgown?
I like pajamas like I love my woman, comfortable and tight.
Let's wear our pajamas today and live life to the fullest in bed.
My bed is always open for you. No pajamas required.
What do you say we get out of these pajama bottoms and slip into something more comfortable?
Who needs pajamas when we know that you will fall asleep naked tonight.
Are you a band-aid? Because I am about to feel better once you cover me.
Are you band aid? Because seeing you patches my broken heart.
Are you band aid? Because you make my hurt feel better.
Babe, I am a band-aid, and I am about to fix your pain.
Can I have a band aid? Because you should patch me up after you stole my heart.
Do you have a band-aid? Because I hurt my leg when I fell for you.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have band aid? Because you will need it when I done with you.
Do you need a band aid? Because it must hurt when you fell from heaven.
Girl are you a band aid? Because taking you off me hurts like hell.
Girl I am a band aid, I will cover you tonight.
Girl, asking you out is like taking off band aid. Should I peel off slowly, or rip off quickly?
Girl, I got a magic band-aid to heal your heart.
Hey, do you have a band aid? I skinned my knee when I fell for you.
You got a band aid? Because girl, love hurts.
Are you a microwave meal? Because the picture always looks better than the real thing.
Are you a microwave? Because I want to put my hot dog in you until it explodes.
Are you a microwave? Because I want to stuff you and turn you on.
Are you a microwave? Because I want to turn you on tonight.
Are you a microwave? Because I want you to pop my corn.
Are you a microwave? Because you make me hot.
Are you a microwave? Because you turn my frozen soul into a hot meal.
Are you microwave dinner? Because I will heat you up and eat you up.
Are you microwaveable? Because I got some hot pockets.
Are you microwaveable? Because I will feast on you tonight.
Babe, I got a microwave and things about to get really hot.
Call me microwave. Because I can pull it out when it gets hot.
Do you have a microwave oven? Because you melt my heart.
Do you have a microwave? Because we will make hot stuff in 30 seconds.
Girl people call me microwave. Because I want your buns in me.
I am a well planned microwave. Because I got a tactical nuke in my pants.
We are like microwaves, because we will get heated in less than 1 minute.
You a microwave? Because you warm my meat inside.
You got a microwave? Because hmmmm.
Do you garden? I will go down on your tulips.
Do you like gardening? Because I'd love to put our tulips together.
Do you want to hear a cheesy flower pick-up line? Let’s put our tulips together.
Hey sweetheart, do you like gardening? How about you plant your tulips on mine?
I can’t wait to kiss your tulips.
I’ve loved you ever since our tulips first met.
If I had a garden, I'd put your tulips next to my tulips.
If I were your gardener...I'd put your Tulips and My Tulips together.
If me and you made a garden, Would you plant your tulips next to mine?
If we’d share a garden, we’d put our tulips together.
If you have tulips and i have tulips, want to put them together and make a Kiss?
Roses are Red and Tulips are Tulips. I can’t get my mind off your two lips.
Roses are red, Violets are Blue, Tulips are cute, can I have your number?
What's better than having roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
With a smile like yours, I could kiss your two lips forever.
You have an amazing smile! Probably because of your tulips.
You like tulips? How about putting tulips on mine?
Your beautiful face looks like a field of tulips.
Your tulips bloom for me.
Are you aware of the ongoing coin shortage? Because you’re the first dime I’ve seen in a long time.
Are you FDR? Because your a dime.
Are you the type of person that has a lot of spare change? A dime like you could be the change I need.
Babe you got any change? Because you are a fine dime piece.
Girl you be the 6, I'll be the 9, that's only time you'll be less than a dime.
Girl, you are not just a dime a dozen. You are my full dozen.
Hey did you know I can only tell when 10 cent coins are produced? Because I only date dimes.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime that I can use.
I don't ask for change anymore. Because you are the only dime I need.
I thought I counted all the change in the register. But I seemed to have missed a dime.
I’m not a numismatic. But you’re looking like a dime.
If I had a dime every time I saw a girl as pretty as you I would only have ten cents. Because no one is as pretty as you.
If I had a dime for every time I thought of you. I'd have one dime …because baby, you never left my mind.
If I had a dime piece every time I think of you. I'd be a millionaire.
There's nothing more I love than stacked dimes.
We're out of dimes in the register, can you get some more? We got a beautiful one right here.
Would you do it for a rare dime?
You got dimes? Because I would like to wrap you in my sheets.
You know, the US has a coin shortage. But it seems that I’ve found a dime.
You look so familiar! I swear I've seen you before in my piggy bank because you are a pretty dime.
You're such a dime I could just use you as a ball marker.
Are you a adjustable loan? Because I sense my interest rising.
Are you a bank loan? Because I got interest for you.
Are you a bank loan? Because I want to take you out and get a house with you.
Are you a credit loan? Because I want to finance our life together.
Are you an auto loan? Because you help moving my life forward.
Are you my student loan? Because you will f*ck me over and over after my classes.
Are you zero APR laon? Because your term says that you will have higher interest for me soon.
Are your parents loan originators? Because I want to submit my loan application to take you as my wife.
Babe, do you have a bank loan? Because you sure have my total interest.
Babe, you are not any bank loan. Because I will never default on you.
Bad credit, no problem. Because your beauty is my payment.
Do you offer loans? How much interest do I have to pay to borrow your titties night.
Girl, after tonight you won't think about your loans, because what's yours is mine.
Girl, do I own you any loan? Because I am about to get loan payoff tonight.
Girl, I am not just a loan. Because you have total ownership of me.
Got loans? Because I want you for life no matter the term.
How much down payment do I need to loan you out for life?
I hope you are a long term loan? Because I want to keep you for life.
You are like a high interest loan. Because I see my balance rising inside you.
You don't need to be a bridge loan to close the GAAP between us.
Your credit score is so fine, you can borrow my d*ck any time.
Are you a toaster strudel? Because I'll nuke you for two minutes and cover you with my frosting.
Are you a toaster? Because I wanna go take a bath with you.
Are you a toaster? Because my mind's toasted about you.
Are you a toaster? Because you are the hottest thing that I have eaten from.
Are you a toaster? Because you warm my stick in 30 seconds.
Are you a toaster? Because you're turning me from soft to hard real quick.
Babe, are you a toaster? Because you are steamy and hot on the inside.
Babe, are you a toaster? Every moment is extra toasted with you.
Babe, are you a toaster? I want to heat up my loaf inside you tonight.
Do you know that I am a toaster? Because you will like the hard and hot stuff I am about to serve you.
Girl are you a toaster? Because I want to insert my dough inside you and watch little toasts come out.
Girl are you a toaster? Because I want to insert some fresh toast into you and eat you for breakfast.
Girl you need a toaster? Because things will definitely get real toasty with me tonight.
Girl, do you have a toaster? Because you make me hard.
Girl, you like toasters? Let's get in bread together.
Got a toaster? Because your beautify is shocking me.
Hey are you a toaster? Because a bath with you would send me straight to Heaven.
Hey girl, are you a toaster? Because I want to shove French bread into you.
Hey, are you a toaster? Because I want to give you this bread for about two minutes and watch magic happen.
What's the difference between you and a  Toaster? I wouldn't put my D in a toaster.
You know you remind me a lot of a toaster? Warm on the inside. Makes soft things hard. And a shower with you would probably kill me
Are you a mirror? Because I can see myself inside you.
Are you a mirror? Because I would cherish you. Breaking you means back luck.
Are you a mirror? Because whenever I look at you I see someone I like.
Babe, I'll never get tired of taking your photos. You never need to take another mirror selfie.
Damn girl do you have a mirror in your pocket. Because I can see myself in your pants.
Damn girl! I don’t need a magic mirror on the wall to know that you’re definitely the finest of them all!
Do you have a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
Do you know how to send a mirror through text? I wanted to send you a cute message and you're the cutest thing I could think of.
Here's a picture of my girlfriend. *holds up a mirror*.
Hey girl, are you a mirror? Because I get the feeling that smashing you is bad luck.
Hey girl, do you have a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
Hey, wanna watch p*rn in my mirror?
I saw your bf and went to shake his hand but I hit a mirror.
I want to be your mirror, and tell you everyday how beautiful you are.
I wish I was your mirror, then I could look at the most beautiful person in the world everyday.
I’d show you my world. But I’m pretty sure you own a mirror.
Is that a mirror in your pocket because I see myself in your pants.
Mirror mirror on the wall. You are the finest of them all.
People say the eyes are the mirror to the soul. You must have one beautiful soul.
Stand in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Want to go back to my place and watch p*rn on my flat screen mirror?
You’re so dumb you wouldn’t know cute if you looked in a mirror.
Your mirror is broken, because I can't see myself without you.
Are you  wifi? Because Imma get you to full bars if I move closer to you.
Are you a wifi mesh? Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Are you a wifi signal? Because you're not mine, but I'll try to use you anyways.
Are you public wifi? Because I am connecting to you automatically.
Are you wifi? Because I cannot live without you.
Are you wifi? Because I love to have you around.
Babe are you wifi? Because you are the one I look forward to everywhere I go.
Babe I am wifi, because I will make your wishes come true and entertain you all night long.
Babe, don't connect to public wifi! If you want security, come to my room and I can shower you with some private wifi.
Babe, you don't need no wifi speed test, I can connect into your device directly.
Do you have a wifi repeater? Or do I need to stay closer to you?
Girl I got the strong wifi router, because I will extend my signal into your device anytime.
Girl, I don't need no wifi? Because I already got a hotspot like you.
Girl, you so hot you extended by Wifi Booster.
I left my Wi-Fi on and it's telling me that you are a hotspot.
Is that a Wi-Fi enabled device in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Is there something wrong with your wifi? Because I know a few hot spots.
Is your name 'wifi'? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Is your wifi down? It's OK because my signal goes up for you.
Is your wifi signal strong enough? Or do I need to move my extender closer to you?
The password is Baby. That's the password to the wifi for when you stay at my place tonight.
We have a connection stronger than our wifi.
You got wifi on the go? Because I want to connect to you on the go.
Are you a girl with glasses, perhaps you would look better with contacts, my contact.
Are you a pair of glasses? Because you make me focus on what is important before me.
Are you a pair of glasses? You don’t appear to be one of my contacts.
Are you glasses, cuz I'd love if you would sit on my face all day.
Are you my glasses? Because I always hate it when I lose you.
Are you my glasses? Because I have been looking for you.
Babe, I need sunglasses when I see you, because our future is so bright.
Babe, I think I need sunglasses around you, because you are so hot and bright.
Can I borrow your glasses? Because I want to share my life's vision with you.
Do you know what's the differences between you and glasses? My glasses sit higher on my face.
Do you wear glasses? Maybe you should take them off and have a blind date with me.
Girl are you my eye glasses? Because I can't see my future without you
Girl I want to be your glasses, so I could be on top of your face 24/7.
Girl, are you a pair of glasses? Because you make the world clear to me.
Girl, are you my glasses? Cause I want you on my face 24/7.
Girl, I want to wear you like my glasses, one leg over each ear.
I like my women like I like my glasses: Thick and sturdy.
I must get a new pair of glasses, because I cannot believe how beautiful you are.
I think I may need glasses because all I can see is you.
I’m gonna put on my glasses. Before I talk to you'll want to focus on my future.
I'm having a problem... If I take my glasses off I look better - but if I keep them on you look better.
My fogged up glasses can't hide that you're smokin' hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10 how much do you like glasses? Because if it's lower than a 7 I'll risk not being able to read a menu on a date just to impress you.
This coffee is steaming up my glasses… Or is that you?
We belong together like a pair of glasses, I want to insert my lens into your frame.
You know, without my glasses on, I’ve been told I look an awful lot like a superhero.
You must be my missing glasses, you help me see this world in a better and beautiful way.
Are you a new pair of socks? Because you right in all the right places.
Are you a pair of socks. Wool will have a great time together.
Babe are you Christmas socks? Because I want to stuff my candy cane into your stockings.
Babe you socks? Because I want to stick my toe in that hole.
Everyone socks except you.
Girl, you are the missing sock that I have been looking for. I am not leaving without taking you home.
Hey girl, are a sock? Because I want to wear you and we can go places.
Hey girl, are you a sock? Because I want you for Christmas.
Hey, are you my missing sock? Because I've been looking for you for a long time and I'm glad that I finally found you.
Hey, I like your socks. Wanna come to my place?
I am the missing sock that you have been looking for. Now we could explore the world together.
I know we aren’t socks. But I think we make a great pair.
I like my women like my socks. Wet.
I wanna live in your socks. So i can be with you every step of .the way
I want to be your socks, so you can count on me to keep you warm.
I was a lonely sock until I met you. Now the pair is complete.
I’ll show you my girdle if you show me your sock garter.
I’m not wearing any socks. And I have the underwear to match.
I'm not wearing any socks. And I have the panties to match.
I've never used a cum sock before. Would you be my first
My life had been incomplete all this time. You are the missing sock that I have been looking for.
We are not socks, but I can still cum in you and rub all over your feet.
We are not socks, but we would make a great pair.
What do we have in common as socks? We can be mated.
What do you and socks have in common? You make me feel warm and fuzzy, and I want to take you everywhere except the beach.
You got socks? Because you are my sole mate.
You must be brand new socks, because it’s a struggle to get inside you.
You so hot you just rocked my socks off.
You would make a great pair of socks, because you fit just right.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
Are you a garbage bin? Because I wanna put my sack inside you.
Are you a garbage truck? Because I am trash looking for some fun.
Are you the Dustbin? Because I wanna put all my junk in you!
Are you trash? Because I just wanna take you out.
Aye girl, are you a trash can? Because I want to take you out every week for the rest of my life.
Babe are you compost bin? Because I want to put my organic material inside you.
Babe, are you a garbage dump? Because I want to dump my junk inside you.
Babe, did you throw a piece of garbage? Because I am ready to get down and dirty.
Can you call you the garbage man? Because I want you to handle my junk.
Do you usually take out the trash? Then it shouldn't be so hard to take me out.
Girl are you trash? Because I need to take you out.
Girl, are you trash? Because I am into some dirty talk tonight.
Girl, are you trash? Because we are about to get wasted tonight.
Girl, do you have a big trash bin? Because you will need that to fit all my junk.
Hey girl are you a trash can? Because I want to put my junk in you.
Hey girl, are you a garbage disposal? Because I wanna grind inside you.
Hey girl, are you a garbage disposal? Because I wanna stick my meat in you.
Hey I'm trash so can you take me out?
Hey, I may be a piece of garbage, but you can still take me out.
How you bin doing?
I just cleaned my whole house and now I'm the only trash left. Will you take me out?
I know I'm trash. But will you be my trash bin?
I usually pick up trash, but today I want to pick you up.
I’m a piece of trash. If you care about the environment you should pick me up.
If you're trash...Is that why I want to take you out so often?
Roses are red, Violets are blue. The garbage is dumped, now so are you.
The manager told me to take the trash out. So are we going or what?
You look like trash. Can I take you out?
Are those lenses in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a camera comeback: Whenever I look at you, I close my eyes.
Are you a camera? Because every time I see you, I smile.
Are you a camera? Because we can take this to my place and see what develops.
Are you my camera? Because you made me smile everytime i look at you.
Babe, I got the perfect camera, now I just need all night long to get you perfects shots.
Come back to my place and I’ll shoot you with my camera.
Do you have a camera? No? That's okay, I can still picture us together.
Don't worry. I always carry a filter with me if you are worried about protection.
Give it to me RAW.
Hey babe, are you a camera with broken lens? Because damn, I can’t focus.
How would like me to shoot you with my gear? Landscape shots do it lying flat or portrait shots do it standing up.
I had to make my aperture smaller because you are gorgeously bright.
I have to check if my camera is on auto focus because you are making everything else out-of-focus.
I left most of my gear at home but I did bring my 200mm.
I only focus on you with my camera.
I plan to ask a girl out. Here is a picture of her.
I think something's wrong with my targetted camera, cause I can't take my eyes of you.
I thought your face was a work of art. May I capture it with my camera?
If you flash me with your camera then I’ll flash you.
I've got you in my viewfinder.
Lets get our macro on and get in there nice and close.
Man we steppin' out like whoaaa, cameras point and shoot. Ask me what's my best side? I step back and point at you.
Mind pulling up your selfie camera real quick? Because I'd love to show you my world.
True love can never be captured by camera.
Wanna see how handle my tripod?
What say we go into a dark room and see what develops after our date?
You are so photogenic, i just want to be the camera to capture your every moment in my life.
You are the catchlight of my eyes.
You packin' something bigger than this lens?
You've got great lenses . . . I'd love to focus them sometime!
Are you a broken light? Because you keep giving mixed signals.
Are you a firework?! Because you light up my eyes.
Are you a light? Because you brighten my day.
Are you an electrician? Because you’re lighting up my day.
Are you from the sun? Because you light up my world!
Babe, I promise I am not faster than the speed of light.
Baby, you're the light in my corona.
Do you have a light? Because you are smoking hot.
Girl are you a light bulb? Because I am a moth.
Girl you got light? Because I want to turn you on in the dark.
Hey baby you are so bright that you are making me blind.
Hey girl, are you a broken light bulb? Because I want to screw and take you out.
I can finally cut my electric bill! Your smile will light up my every room.
I do not need lights anymore because you bright up my darkest hours.
If Beauty Were Sunlight, You’d Shine From A Million Light-Years Away.
If not for the sun you would be my brightest spot on earth.
Is that your light cannon or are you just happy to see me?
It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all my light is shining on you.
It's always morning when I see you. Because you just light up my world.
Let's turn off the lights so I can show you some lightning.
Rub me until my light comes out.
Rub my magic lamp and I'll bring light into your world.
Stop lighting me up. I'm gonna explode!
There are many ways to light up a room and you are one of them.
When you walk in to the room, all my spotlight lands on you.
Would you rub my magical lamp, because I am about to explode some light into you.
You are the highlight of my day.
You are the light that I have been searching for.
You got a light switch? Because you know how to turn me on.
You know what's faster than the speed of light? My heart when I think of you.
You remind me of the sun. Because your light shines on me.
Are you a Rubik's cube core? Because I want to rotate my life's pieces around you.
Are you a Rubik's cube? Because I can finish you in less than a minute.
Are you a Rubik's cube? Because I want to solve you.
Are you a Rubik's cube? Because I'll solve all your problems
Are you Rubix cube? Because I want to fondle & cube you all night long.
Babe you are Rubik's cube? Because I want to lube you before playing.
Babe, I can work your corner.
Babe, I want to put my edges in your corners & we shall form some crosses.
Babe, no matter what layer we are on, we are always positioned for each other.
Babe, this cube isn't the only thing I can do under 30 seconds one handed & blindfolded.
Damn girl are you a Rubik's cube? Because I need to google how to do you.
Girl i wish I was your derivative so I could lay tangent to your curves.
Girl, are you 4x4, cause I wanna 3-2-3 all your edges.
Girl, you a Rubik's cube? Because I want to lube you in so many layers.
Hey girl, are you the Rubik's Cube? Because it's hard to complete you in the beginning, but I can get you to cum faster and faster.
I can do magic with this cube. My fingers can do even more.
I cube and I'm master of advanced finger tricks.
I must be a Rubik's cube. The more you mess with me, the harder I get.
I see crosses forming in our life the first time I met you.
I wanna Sledge Hammer your Keyhole with my sexy move.
If I can solve a Rubik’s cube you have to come home with me.
I'll 2-by-2 your 3-by-3.
I'm luckier than a PLL skip.
Interested in team blindfolded?
Is that a Rubik’s cube in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
No matter how scrambled you are, I will always make the right moves to solve you.
Want to cube?
You a Rubik's cube? Because I want to rotate and turn you in the right positions.
You are the core of my life Rubik's cube.
You can call me a Rubik’s cube. I am hard to figure out, but you can do me once you know my patterns.
You had me at your F2L.
All these pencils but you still think i'm pointless. You're my sharpener; I'll twist and turn and thrust you inside out till my wood break.
Are u a pencil? Because you should definitely let me sharpen ya.
Are you a Crayon? Because, I am a pencil and I draw my world but i need you to color it.
Are you a mechanical pencil? Because I’ll never have a dull moment with you
Are you a pencil sharpener? Because I wanna put my tip inside you hole.
Are you a sharpener. Because I'd like to stick my pencil in you.
Are you a sheet of paper? I wanna write our life story together with my pencil.
Are you a standardized test? Because I got the pencil to fill your bubble in.
Are you made of nickel cerium arsenic and sulfur? Because you got a NiCE AsS.
Babe are you a pencil sharpener? Because I want to shove and turn my wood in your hole.
Babe, are you a mechanical pencil? The big question is will you take my lead from the front or back?
Babe, I got a pencil and I am ready to rewrite our future together.
Babe, you a pencil? Because I would totally use you for my homework.
Baby, you got a broken pencil? Mine will work just fine.
Can I borrow a pencil? Because I want to push my tip inside up and down.
Can I borrow your pencil? Because I’d like to erase your past and write our future.
Damn girl, are you .2 mm pencil lead? Because you are fine!
Damn girl, are you a mechanical pencil? Because you’re finer than .7mm lead.
Do u have a pencil I can borrow? Because i wanna erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a mechanical pencil? Because I got the lead that will fit just right.
Girl are you a sharpener, because you making me hard.
Girl you a mechanical pencil? Because I want to take you apart and put you back together in my life.
Girl, are you a pencil? Because I would pen-itrate you any time.
Girl, do you have a pencil? So I can draw every inch of you.
Girl, you got pencil? Because everything in my life lead me to you.
Girl, you must be a pencil, because you really lead me on.
Hey girl are you a mechanical pencil? Because I wanna stick my lead in you.
Hey girl are you a pencil sharpener. Because my pencil really needs sharpening.
I wanna take out my pencil and stick it in your pencil case.
If you were a pencil, I wouldn't be able to use you. Because you're no number 2, you're my number 1!
Is that a number 2 pencil in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Life without you is like a broken pencil...... pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil. Pointless.
You a pencil? Because you were made to be mine.
You wouldn't happen to have an extra pencil on you?
Are you a loose shoelace? Because I want to tie you up nice and tight.
Are you a shoe? Because I wanna tie you up
Are you Cinderella? Because you can leave your shoes at my place.
Are you dance shoes? Because I wanna tap that.
Are you shoes? Because I want to slide into that.
Are you shoes? Because I'd have to finger you to see if you are the right fit.
Are your shoes tied? Because you are about to fall for me.
Babe you are my shoelaces because you keep me grounded.
Dang Girl! I like the way your spikes match your shoes.
Do you need new shoes? Because you've been running through my mind.
Do you want me to see your shoes now or should I wait till they’re over my shoulder?
Does your panties match your shoes? Oh you are not wearing any shoes?
Girl let me tie your shoes, because I can go down on you any time.
Girl, are you shoelaces? Because damn you are tight.
Girl, I want to be your shoes because I want to be with you every step of the way.
Girl, let me tie your shoes, and I can do so much more.
Girl, you don't have to walk a mile in my shoes, just get naked in my bed.
Hey baby, take off those shoes and skirt and get comfortable.
Hey I love your shoes. You know they would look even better if they were walking next to me.
I don't want to walk in your shoes, but I do want to share your life.
I like my women like I like my shoes with my toes inside them.
I like your shoes. But it'll look better when you step into my life.
I should tie my shoes. But it's too late now because I am already falling for you
If I buy you shoes, will you kick it with me?
If I gave you my shoe, would you step into my life?
I'm glad you are wearing non-slip shoes, because if you come home with me it's gonna get real wet.
Is that an explosive device in your shoe or are you just happy to see me?
Life without you is like shoes without laces, I want you to tie me up.
Listen to Nike... just do it.
May I tie your shoe? Because I can't have you fall for anyone else.
My body is a temple, so make sure you take your shoes off before you come in.
Nice shoes. Wanna screw?
Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe.
What size shoe do you wear? I bet it's size sexy!
What size shoes are you? Because I want to prepare the right sandals when you stay tonight.
Are you a star in the desert sky? Because you light up my world.
Are you a thief? Because you stole all the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Even though we don't see the stars out in the sky tonight, you are still shining like one.
Girl you must be blue, because you're the hottest star around right now.
Girl, I just made a wish. Because I just mistaken your eyes for the wishing star.
Girl, would you grant my wish tonight? I have just made my wishes upon your starry eyes.
Hey baby you’re like the North Star. The head of my Big Dipper pointing right at you.
Hey girl, are you a neutron star? Because time slows down when I'm near you, and you're hot.
How does it feel to be the only star in the sky?
I started counting one star in the sky for each reason I love you...Then I ran out of stars and I realized my reasons are infinite.
I wish half of the stars in the sky would shine as brightly as your eyes.
If a star fell each time I've thought of you, the sky would be empty.
If every star in the night sky was to disappear. I would drag the sun across the sky just to be able to wish I could take you on a date
If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I had a star for every time you made my darkness go away, I would have a whole galaxy in my hand.
If the stars in the sky were as beautiful as your eyes, then they'd be really pretty.
I'm a star. Wanna taste the Milky Way?
In this entire universe, the only star I want is you.
My love for you is like the stars during the day. You might not see it easily, but it exists infinitely.
My world without you is like a night sky without stars.
Out of all the stars in this club, you are the only star pointing me the way.
Starlight, starbright why don't you come home with me tonight!
The first time ever I saw your face I saw the stars in your eyes.
Twinkle twinkle little star, is that you? Because I thought I just saw you winking at me.
What is the cross between the moon and the stars? You.
When I pull you in for a kiss, it's because I love you with more force than all the moons and stars in the midnight sky.
Who took the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes?
You are like the stars at night. Because you make pure darkness seems alright.
You are the star in my life, to get to you I need to keep raise my bar.
You can count on star but you can't ever count on how much I miss you.
You must be a Magnetar because I feel a strong magnetism between us.
You must be a star, I can't stop orbiting around you.
You must be the North Star, because the light around you led me to your heart.
Your eyes are brighter than Sirius.
Your eyes are like a million glittering stars.
Are you a metamorphic rock, because I am going to turn you on according to varying temperature and pressure.
Are you a mud rock, because you sure look fine to me.
Are you a rock? Because I want to climb you like one.
Are you an ingenious rock, because I want to date you.
Are you into geology? Because your body rocks.
Are you into rocks? Because I have something hard for you.
Are you rocks? Because I am a geologist that will date you any time.
Babe, do you have any rocks. Because you rock my world.
Babe, you so hot you turn me into rubbles.
Baby, I'm harder than anything on the Moh's Scale.
Call me Galena, because I'll leave residue all over your fingers
Call me pop rocks, because i’m going to be busting flavors in your mouth.
Do not be on the rocks, be on my bed instead.
Do you like the fantastic 4? Because I have something that's rock hard going down.
For score, seven years ago...I would have rocked that butt.
Hey baby, I love how you are like sedimentary rock. I just want to go deeper and deeper into your layers.
Hey baby, I'll have you cummingtonite if you stick your dickite into my borehole.
Hey baby, want to pegmatite hole?
Hey baby, we don’t need to frack to make the bed rock.
I am just a small rock before I met you. Your love has made me bigger and boulder.
I don't think you wollastonite when we fukalite.
I hope you’re a geology major cause I need you to take a look at this rock in my pants.
I’m a geologist and I’m hung like a horst.
I’m not Fred Flintstone. But I bet I could make your bed rock.
In honor of Earth Day, I'll rock your world.
Is your relationship on the rocks? I have some alcohol for that!
Let’s go make my Plymouth rock.
Let’s rock n roll in the sheets.
Like all great projects, our relationship is off to a rocky start. You made me hard.
Nothing turns me on more than a long hard rock and some tuber.
Of all the rocks in all the mountains. I'd pick you.
Soon enough babe I will put a rock on your finger.
Trust me if I say you are my rock, I really dig you out of the ground.
You absolutely rock my world. You must be a perfect 10 on the Richter Scale.
You know what they say, geologists know how to make the bed rock!
You rock me to my core.
You so gneiss, I will never take you for granite.
Are you a drum because I want to tap that.
Are you a drummer? Because you know the beat of my heart.
Are you the drum major? Cause I can't take my eyes off you.
Are you the Master’s drums? Cause I can’t get you out of my head.
Babe, you send me good vibes and my sticks so hard to break your drum.
Baby, you're a drummer? I can make your heart go offbeat.
Be my drum and I'll bang you with my stick tonight.
Do me like your hand drum and bang me.
Do you believe in love at first drum, or should we bang again?
Do you like drum and bass? Cause you got me wanting 174 bangs per minutes.
Forget about drum rolls, how about we do bed sheets roll.
Girl are you a percussionist? Because I'll bang you like a drum.
Girl, are you a drum? Because I got a stick in my hand to make love music with you.
Girl, did you steal my drum stick? Because my heart missed a beat when I saw you.
Girl, I am a drummer, and I about  to beat your bush with my drumsticks.
Girl, you have stolen my drum stick, because you are hard to beat.
Girl, your bass is perfect for my drum stick.
Hey babe, I can make you scream louder than my drum set.
Hey baby I play bass drum, so you know I could give you a deep bang.
Hey girl are you a bass drum? Because I’m tryna kick it.
Hey girl, are you a snare drum because I want to carry you.
Hey, so I play drums for a living if you want a good pound.
Hold my stick and we will bang in all different ways and tones.
I play drums; I have amazing stick control.
I wanna bang your bass drum.
I’m a drummer, and I can teach you. I could even let you use my stick.
If I were a drum I’d let you bang me with your stick all night long.
If i were a drum. I'd let you bang me all night until the neighbors complain.
If you join this drum circle you’re sure to get a good bang.
I'll beat that ass like a drum and leave you swimming in cum.
Is that a drumstick, or are you just happy to see me?
Like a good banging? Because I’m the best drummer around.
Quads. We can bang in four different tones.
Save a drum, bang a drummer!
We are drums. We're too classy to blow, but really know how to bang.
We break stick not hearts and we can bang all night.
You know what they say about drummers... They like to bang.
You must play drums, because you know how to make my heart go boom.
You’ve got my heart beating louder than a powwow drum right now!
Are you a gun? Because I got my X to pick you up.
Are you a gun? Because I wanna put you in my mouth.
Are you Arsenal? Because you make me anna shoot my gun.
Are you carrying a concealed weapon or are you just happy to see me?
Babe I love your guns. I want to fill you up with my projectiles.
Babe, I am not going to shoot blanks tonight.
Baby I got a water gun and I want to shoot a load into your mouth.
Baby, are you America's lax gun laws? Because I'm going to exploit all of your holes.
Can I put my gun in your holster?
Do you know how to clean a gun?
Girl, check out my gun and I will show you some pump action.
Girl, you are so hot you cock and reload my gun with just a look.
Girl, you are so hot, you are giving me accidental discharge.
Girl, you could inspect my gun closely any time.
Girl. You condition my guns.
Got a gun? Because I want to load you.
Hey babe I want to empty my gun magazine in you.
Hey baby, I've got my sights on you.
I have your gun right here baby.
I may just have a pistol, but I know how to use it.
I'd let you handle my guns anytime you want
I'd let you shoot my reloads anytime.
If looks could kill you carry a concealed weapon under that mask.
If you get with me you will never have to reload again.
If your lips are your great weapon, would you care to test it against my guns?
I'll lower my guns if you lower yours first.
Is that a race gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I've got  a loaded-gun that you can cock and pull.
Nice guns.
Wanna see my 21 inch gun?
Want to come back to my mansion and check out my gun collection?
Want to practice some REAL gun control?
What do you say we go down to the gun range and blow some loads together.
Why do we even need guns anyway. You have me.
Yes, that is a ray gun, but I'm still happy to see you!
You look like you can make my pistol into a shot gun.
You make my heart beat faster than the starting gun.
You will love my gun. Want to shoot it with your fingers?
You're nothing like a Glock. You look like good for my cock.
You're sweet, sexy and powerful. Just like my Colt.
You're the most effective gun in my base of fire.
Are you a delivery person. Because I want you to handle my package gently.
Are you a package? Because I want to track you down and bring you home with me.
Are you a package? Because I want your tracking number tonight.
Are you getting shipped? Because you’re the whole package.
Are you my package from Amazon? Because I want you at my house in the next 24 hours.
Ask her if she likes overnight packages from interesting men.
Babe, forget about pick up lines. You could accept my package tonight.
Babe, here's my number. I could deliver my package to your bed any night.
Babe, it's time to examine my comprehensive package.
Babe, my package is too big to fit in your front door. How about I drop it in the back instead.
Can I have your number? So I could text you before I deliver my package to your home.
Do I have to sign for your package?
Do you work for UPS? Because you’ve been staring at my package all night.
Excuse me, Miss, could you sign for this package?
Girl, are you from the Amazon? Because you’re the full package.
Girl, I got the package. It's bigger on the inside.
Girl, I want to drop my package into your warehouse.
Girl, it's not about the size of my package. It's about how I deliver it.
Girl, nice delivery. I want to inspect your package before receiving.
Girl, you are so hot, I need to inspect your package for any explosives or hazardous materials inside.
Girl, you've got the whole package.
How about schedule a free package pickup to avoid waiting in line at the post office and use the time have a drink with me?
I am a package delivery man,  give me your number so I could schedule you for a pick up.
I am loving your body, because good things don't come in small packages.
I don't work at the post office... but I'll inspect your package.
I got flexible delivery. You can take it through the front door or the backyard.
I hope you have a big box, because I'm stuffing this oversized package in it.
I like the size of your benefits package.
I wonder if your package would fit in this tight door slot.
Is that a package or are you just happy to see me?
I've got a huge stimulus package just for you.
Let's just say I like to package your goods.
Sleep with a UPS driver, because they always deliver.
The post office may be closed, but I'll still deliver my package inside you.
The UPS office called. They told me I need to check your package.
Want to play agent and fondle my package?
Who wants to see my stimulus package!
Would you like a drink before receiving my package?
You can call me FedEx. Because I’m gonna violently thrust my package at you.
You'll be receiving a package soon.
Your package for one boyfriend is in route.
All I'm missing is the little spoon for my cuddle buddy.
Are you a cuddle? Because you are already making me feel good and loved.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.
Are you a toy at build-a-bear workshop? Because you’re cute and I wanna cuddle you in my bed after I stuff you.
Are you my cute pillow? Because I want to wipe my tears on you and cuddle with you.
Are you unemployed? Cause I've got a position for permanent cuddle buddy open in my heart.
Babe, did you lose your stuffed animal? You can always cuddle with me.
Baby, I just wanna place a tactical insertion in your bed so we could cuddle all day long.
Can I borrow a cuddle? I promise to give it back.
Cuddling creates the strongest emotional connection with those you like.
Damn, you have a dog! Does that mean I’ll never win the 'best ever cuddle' title?
Did you know cuddling reduces pollution by 30%?
Do you know that cuddling with me would be the best thing in your life?
Do you like cuddling? Me, too. We should do it together sometime.
Do you want to cuddle, with me in my bed?
Girl, I want to go cuddling but I’m drowned in your eyes.
Hey girl you look sad. Wanna cuddle?
Hey girl, I can cuddle you like I cuddle dogs
Hey girl, that smile comes with a cuddle.
How much do those pants cost? You could get them off 100% off when we cuddle at my place.
Hug and cuddle won't be the same, without U.
I am dying, I have only 2 minutes left so be quick and cuddle with me now.
I can say three things you and my pillow have in common. -both good for cuddling, -both dress appropriately, -both deserve to be in my bed with me tonight 😉
I had a bad day, it won't be anymore if I got to cuddle you.
I heard you like teddy bears. You can give me a cuddle.
I just want to c_ddle, but I can't because I am missing U.
I lost my Teddy, can I cuddle with you?
I really like your hands. They would complement my shirt when we cuddle.
I see you cuddle your pillow at night. Would you rather have me come over and be your pillow?
I wanna boldly go into your bed to cuddle because I think you're cute and don't want to rush things.
I will keep you warmer than any Starbucks ever has. Seriously though, would you like to cuddle?
I'm getting cold just thinking about Canada. Let's Cuddle!
I'm looking for a no-strings-attached cuddle buddy.
Let's cuddle and wake up in 10 months when September ends.
Love is hard, so is writing. And so will you when we’re cuddling.
My magic watch says you want to cuddle in five minutes. Do you?
On a lazy Sunday: Netflix all day, getting lost in a museum, or cuddling with me?
On the flip side, your clothes look so cuddily and soft that we should cuddle.
Romantic comedies and cuddling? No, thanks. I'd rather ride in your truck and have sex.
Roses are red. You’re cute as a duck. Let’s go on a date. And then we can cuddle.
So get your tiny butt over here and let's watch Netflix and cuddle, eh.
Sunday mornings are for: a) cuddles in bed b) champagne breakfast c) as many pancakes as you can eat
They say cuddling is the most romantic thing in life. Do you wanna try with me?
Which type of relationship do you want? Where we cuddle and kiss type or where we fuck type?
Would you want to try an Australian cuddle? It is like a French kiss.
A skeleton isn't the only one who can put an arrow through my heart.
All the ladies love my bone biscuits..... That's not the only hard thing they enjoy.
Are you a bonehead? Because I want to put my boner into your head.
Are you a skeleton for Halloween? Because I sure want to bone you.
Are you a skeleton? Because I wanna bone you.
Are you a skeleton? Because I want to put some flesh into you.
Are you a spooky scary skeleton? Because I wanna send a shiver down your spine.
Are you able to hold my dragon bone?
Are you calcium? Because you're certainly making a bone grow.
Babe I am a skeleton without you. You are the one that gave me heart.
Babe I am a skeleton. I am bone to be wild.
Babe, you are a skeleton to me. Because I love every bone in your body.
Babe, you are so hot you make me feel like I have 1 extra bone.
Babe, you could pick on my bone any time.
Babe, you make me into a skeleton. Because you see right through me for loving you.
Bone up.
Did you know there are 206 bones in the human body? Would you mind one more?
Do you have a skeleton in your closet? Maybe you should.
Do you have a skeleton? Because I want to feed you my bone meal.
Do you have a skeleton? Because I want to hand you my bones.
Do you know what's a skeleton's favorite instrument? Sex-a-bone.
Ever partied at a skeleton show?
Girl you so sexy, I can feel you in my bones.
Girl, I got the skeleton key into your heart.
Girl, I want to bury my skeleton into your graveyard any night.
Girl, you are so hot you make my lazy bone work.
Girl, you made me into a skeleton? Because I just got a boner seeing you.
Hey baby, what are your skeletons wearing?
Hey girl, are you a wither skeleton? Because I want your head.
I am a skeleton. Bone me.
I can bone out 5 chickens in 10 minutes.
I know an archaeologist will find my buried bones, but I've got a bone I'd like to bury in you right now.
I want to put my boner into your pants.
I'm dying for you to bone me.
I've got a very large bone for you to examine.
My skeleton want to party with yours.
Skeletons are naked, and you should be too.
That skeleton over there said he'd get your number for me, but he didn't have the guts, so here I am.
This skeleton isn't the only thing with a bone.
This skeleton wants some flesh on my bones.
Wanna bone?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density. And I don't just mean my skeleton.
Yeah, I got a bone for you.
You already have a whole skeleton inside you so another bone will do no harm.
You can dig up my bone any day.
You look good with skeletons.
You up for some boning later?
Your skeleton with be better next to my bed.
Your skeleton's missing something! Mind if I give you a bone?
Are you a Maple tree? Because I would tap that.
Are you a palm tree? Because I really want those dates
Are you a present? Because I see you under my tree.
Are you a tree hugger? Because you gotta hug my wood.
Are you a tree? Because I am a cat and want to get stuck in you.
Are you a tree? Because I would love to piss on u.
Are you a tree? Because you are giving me plenty of wood.
Are you the Goddess of Life? Because you just made my tree grow.
Are you trees in the grasslands? Because you are on fire and we should do something about it.
Babe do you have a forest? Because my tree wants to settle its roots somewhere.
Babe, are you missing wood in your forest?
Babe, I got a hard pine tree for you. Hug it and your hand is about to get really sticky.
Babe, I've got a maple tree that you could suck the sap out of.
Can I plant my tree in your rain forest?
Can you climb onto my wood and make it grow into a tree with your sweet juice?
Erections don’t grow on tree, right? That’s why I’m spending a night with you.
Girl are you a coconut tree? Because I would climb on top of you to get the sweet juice of your jug.
Girl, by the time I am done, your pussy will never want to get off of my tree trunk.
Girl, with your love this wood can become a big tree.
Hey baby, are you a tree? Because I wanna hug you.
Hey girl, are you a tree? Because I want to chop you up with an axe.
Hey girl, wanna plant a tree with me?
I bet trees stop and look at you in awe.
I don't want to be under the cork tree. I want to be under YOU.
I feel like a tree when you talk to me because you make me light up!
I want to climb your trees and swing.
I will stop loving you the day that an apple grows on a mango tree.
If I was a tree in a forest, would you hear me falling for you?
If I were a squirrel, and you were a tree. I’d put my nuts in you.
If we were trees. We'd be of the same species.
If you are looking for a tree topper then you have me because people say I am a star on top.
If you can plant a tree, will you dig me?
If you were a garden, I would dig you to plant trees.
If you were a tree, you must be an evergreen because you look good all year round.
If you were a tree, you would be an evergreen. From the first time I saw you; you have been looking this good.
Inside you, I shall plant a tree. Metaphorically speaking, of course.
Is your cat stuck in a tree? Because I’m here to save that pussy.
I've got a tree you could trim.
Let's head to the park so I can plant my tree.
Our love will grow just like The Great Deku Tree.
The top of my tree is missing a angel like you.
The tree isn't the only thing that's going to have an angel sitting on top of it tonight.
The tree of life just called, it wants your sweetness behind.
We are presents for each other, it's time to get laid under the tree.
We have so much chemistree.
Would you like to have bamboo sheets on your bed? Because I want to cover you with sustainable love.
You may fall from a bicycle, you may fall from a tree. But the best way to fall - is in love with me.
You must be made of bonemeal, because you make my tree grow.
You won't be the first cherry tree I've chopped.
Are you rosey, because you making me feeling thorny.
Girl, the love in my pants will surely rose to your challenge.
Help, I’m trapped in your rose bush and I’m feeling all thorny.
Hey baby, (give 1 plastic rose) I promise to love you until the last rose dies.
I’ll bring you roses to our first date so that they can see how beautiful you are.
If I got a rose each time I thought about you I'd keep walking in my garden forever.
If I’d give you eleven roses, what would you see in the mirror? A dozen roses.
If you held a rose up in front of a mirror, you would see two of the most beautiful things in the world.
It's all love and roses until someone gets hurt, and babe I will never hurt you.
Roses are okay, violets are fine. You be the 6 and I’ll be the 9.
Roses are red and violets are blue there’s nothing in the world more prettier than you.
Roses are red and violets are blue there’s nothing in the world more prettier than you.
Roses are red violets are blue I can’t rhyme but can I date you?
Roses are red violets are blue, would you mind if I ran with you?.
Roses are red, and very famous. Coffee and movie is old style, lets try some Netflix and Chill.
Roses are Red, Colors are Hue. I will do anything just to have you
Roses are red, diamonds are blue, I’m missing half of a heart and so are you. Be my valentine?
Roses are red, diamonds are blue, I’m missing half of a heart and so are you. Be my valentine?
Roses are red, Lemons are sour...Spread your legs and give me an hour.
Roses are red, my face is too...That only happens when I am with you.
Roses are red, my lips are blue. My heart began to beat, when I see you.
Roses are red, pickles are green, I like your legs and what’s in between!
Roses are red, pickles are green, I like your legs and what's in between!
Roses are red, so are your lips...You should sit on my face and wiggle those hips.
Roses are red, so come to my bed.
Roses are red, sunflowers are yellow. Both are beautiful but I prefer you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, guess what, my bed has room for two.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how much I love you is beyond your clue.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have class, therefore I want your ass.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have five fingers, but tonight you'll get two.
Roses are red, violets are blue, it would be a shame if I couldn't date you!
Roses are red, violets are blue, you have no clue how much I love you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. DaVinci painted Mona, cause he couldn't find you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I cry myself to sleep dreaming of you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. If I only had one, I’d catch you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Like the Titanic, I’m going down on you.
Rose's are red, violets are blue. Poems are stupid, let me get inside you.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, I bet that pussy is too.
Roses are red, violets are blue. There’s no lady fairer than you in all the land.
Roses are red, violets are blue. You're as beautiful as a sunsets hue.
Roses are red, violets are violet. Here is my number why don’t you dial it?
Roses are red, water is colorless. Without you, my life is just the same.
Roses are red, you are a cutie, you know how to cheer me up, send me a picture of that booty.
Roses are red, your underwear is lace, take them off and sit on my face.
Roses are red, you're so great...Pickup lines are overrated, let me take you out on a date.
Roses are red. Sunflowers are yellow. I’m good in bed, will you be my bedfellow?
Roses are red. Tomatoes are red too, everything is red, like my love for you.
Roses are red. Violets are fun. The minute Tinder matched us up; I knew you were the one.
Roses aren't the only thing that will prick you tonight.
Roses or Daisies my love?
Roses should learn what it means to be perfect from you.
Tomatoes are red, roses are red too. We both know what I truly love is you.
Your beautiful face looks like a field of flowers.
Apples, Peaches, Pumpkin Pie. Soon Your Love Will Be All Mine.
Are you a pumpkin ? Because I'm looking to smash.
Are you a pumpkin? Because I am going to jack you up tonight.
Are you a pumpkin? Because I wanna stick a candle in your hole to brighten up your smile!
Are you looking for a gourd time?
Are you the color orange like pumpkin pies? Because I can never have enough of you.
Babe are you a pumpkin baby? Because daddy jack is here to make you mine.
Babe I got no pumpkin pie for you, but I sure got some cream pie.
Babe, are you ready to take my pumpkin?
Babe, do you have a pumpkin? Because your beauty totally caught me off gourd.
Babe, I am ready to carve out some fun out of you tonight.
Babe, you make my hallow pumpkin full again.
Babe, you sure know how to work a pumpkin, now its time to get all my seeds out.
Beauty is in the pie of the beholder.
Come to my place on October 31st. Pumpkins aren’t the only ones getting their insides rearranged this Halloween 😉
Damn girl, are you a pumpkin? Because you gourd it going on!
Don't go(urd) breakin' my heart.
Forget about pumpkin, let's get straight to hump king.
Girl are you a pumpkin? Because you vine as hell.
Girl, I got a huge pumpkin in my pants. I'll make you go 'oh my gourd' all night long.
Girl, I'm hollow inside until I met you.
Girl, you are pumpkin spice and everything nice.
Go big or gourd home. How about do both with me in bed.
Got pumpkin? Because I want to pump our future kin into you.
Hey Baby, wanna find out why they call me Pumpkin-Head?
Hey girl are you a pumpkin? Because oh my gourd your so cute.
Hey gourd-geous! Wanna go back to my place and squash?
Hey pumpkin sweetheart – I bet I can put a smile on your face.
I Am the Pumpkin King.
I don’t have any pumpkins this year. Wanna be mine?
I love pumpkin spice a latte.
I love you pumpkin!
I must be a pumpkin, because you’ve carved a smile into my face.
I put the 'pump' in pumpkin pie.
I use homemade pumpkin spice. Would you like to try some?
I would totally carve your pumpkin sweetheart.
I would totally carve your pumpkin.
I'd say the first thing you need is … a pumpkin.
I'd sit in a pumpkin patch with you any night.
I'm Ahead of the Carve.
Let the gourd times roll!
Let's do pumpkin tonight, you are my smash goals.
Let's give 'em pumpkin to talk about.
Let's play the smashing pumpkins.
Let's Pumpkin Spice Things Up.
Life is gourd with you.
Nice pumpkins! And I like your boobs, too.
Orange you pumped for Halloween?
Pumpkin pi.
Pumpkin spice and chill?
Put some pumpkin pie in your mouth, and then French kiss me.
Ready to have a gourd time with me tonight?
Say hollow to my little friend!
SquashGoals.
The only thing sweeter than pumpkin pie is you, baby!
What is a pumpkin's favorite sport? Squash.
What's cookin' gourd lookin'?
When life gives you pumpkins, make pie.
You are like a pumpkin, you're hard on the outside and soft on the inside.
You Really Struck a Gourd With Me.
You so hot I feel that I am gourd out of my mind
You wouldn’t need pumpkin pie if you invited me over for dinner.
You’re like pumpkin pie: Perfectly sweet, and exactly what I want on my lips at the end of the night.
You're gourdgeous.
You're the pumpkin spice to my latte.
Babe, I know we just met and all but here’s my number, could you call me maybe?
Boyfriend/ husband material. Will satisfy all your lonely needs and cook some awesome pizza rolls.
Can I also deposit my number into your mobile phone?
Can I borrow your cell phone. I need to phone heaven and tell God I found the missing angel!
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Can you give me your number so I can PHONE you?
Damn baby, Are you a phone? Because I want to hold you in my hands all day and ignore the rest of the world while I stare at you alone in my bedroom.
Did I tell you I'm writing a book? It's a phone book and it's missing your number.
Did you drop something? Here's my phone number.
Do you have a cell phone? Because the cell tower in my pants would like to connect with you.
Do you have a cell phone? My mom told me to call her when I find the girl of my dreams!
Do you have a name you want me to save you as in my phone or should I just put 'mine'.
Do you know the difference between you and the new phone? The new iphone costs $1,000 and you are priceless.
Do you like magic tricks? Give me your phone to see my number appear on it!
Error 404: Your phone number seems to be missing from my phone.
Girl, are you looking for a cell phone plan? Because my family plan got a new line for you.
Give me you cell phone number, I will call you when I need another drink.
Give me your phone number, I bet it would look better on my phone than in your head.
Here’s my number. Text me when you’re ready to date.
Hey baby, can I get your phone number? Oops, too late.
Hey girl, are you a cell phone. Because I just want to look at you and touch you all night long.
Hey, I just got my flight number. I'm just missing your phone number.
How am I supposed to shamelessly flirt with you in the middle of the night when I don’t have your number?
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 10 digits of your phone number?
How can I plan our wedding without your number?
I am glad my mobile phone has GPS, because I am totally getting lost in your beautiful eyes.
I avoid putting all my eggs in a basket but give me your number and, you’ll be the first I break this rule for.
I bet you smiled when you saw my name pop up on your phone just now.
I carry my cell phone not to feel important but so I can call you when I miss you.
I don’t care if you make six digits. I just want your seven digits.
I have a case of heartbreak and only your phone number can fix it
I have a phone, you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities.
I lost my cell phone number, can I have yours?
I lost my cell phone, would you mind calling it real quick?
I send the best morning texts. But you’d know that already if I had your number.
I think there's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I was blinded by your beauty; I’m going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was going to send you nudes last night, but then I realized I didn’t have your number.
I wish I was your phone. So you'd be on me all day.
I’d rather we started dating earlier rather than later, so give me your number already.
I’m going to list myself as 'hot blonde' in your phone, so you remember who I am.
I’m thinking about buying a new phone, because this crappy one doesn’t have your number in it.
I’m winning this race to get your number. Are you game?
If you gave me your number, I’d give you something even better.
If you had the same amount of money of your cellphone number.. How much would that be?
If you texted me every time I thought of you, you'd be blowing up my phone.
If you think I’m good at flirting now, wait until you flirt with me over the phone.
If you were to be as rich as your number, how much are you worth?
Is that a cell phone in your pocket? Because dat ass is callin’ me!
Is that a phone in your pocket? Because I can see my contact inside your pants.
My score may not be that good but my phone number sure is!
Oops, I lost my number, may I have yours instead?
Order fire, two shots of tequila and your phone number.
Roses are red, violets are blue, give me your number, so I can bloom with you.
So, are you going to give me your phone number, or am I going to have to stalk you?
Sorry, I would’ve texted sooner but my phone just overheated. I guess you’re just too hot for tinder.
Speak, friend, and enter... your number in my phone.
The number one thing holding back my smile is your phone number.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
There must be something wrong with my phone, I need your number – again.
Want to play a game? Winner gets the loser’s phone number.
What's a smart, attractive person like myself doing without your mobile number?
Would you do me the honor of inputting your digits in my phone book? I’d like to continue this conversation later.
Would you like to be the lucky guy who gets my real number? Give me your phone.
Would you mind holding my phone for a second? You know, my phone is still missing your number.
You must have strong signals, because the cell phone in my pants just got full bars.
You’re cute. Can I have your number?
Your package for one boyfriend is in route.
You're the only thing about this ride worth smiling about! Got a cell phone? I'd love to chat with you!
