Are you as strong as your drinks are?
At what time you get off?
Can I buy you a shot? How about dinner?
Can I get a shot... at lovin you?
Can you pour me a drink like you poured yourself into those jeans?
Can you shake your hips like you shake your drinks?
Forget about sex on the beach, how about some sex behind the bar?
Hello Bartender, can I have two pints of lager and a shot of you.
Here’s a tip: You should go out with me.
Hit me with your best shot!
How about you make me a good, strong cocktail—easy on the tail.
How do you keep that ice from melting when you’re so hot?
How may I serve you?
I came here to do two things: Get drunk & get your number. Looks like I am pretty drunk.
I can lick it, slam it, and suck it...more limes please!
I like my bartenders like I like my Martinis—in my mouth.
I like my bartenders like I like my Mimosas, bottomless.
I like my beer and men the same, with a lot of head.
I see you know your way around a "slippery nipple".
I’ll have something sweet—like you.
I’ll take two Screaming Orgasms—one now, and one back at my place.
I’m not drunk. But you could fix that.
I'd love to taste you on it.
If I buy a round of Blow Job shots, will you squirt the whipped cream directly into my mouth?
If you like water- you're gonna love 70% of me.
If you were an alcohol, what would you be?
I'm really good at swallowing a shot.
Instead of get me drinks, how about injecting me with some life.
Is your relationship on the rocks? I have some alcohol for that!
That’s a generous pour. If I get too drunk, you might have to drive me back to your place.
Would you recommend blow jobs or sex on the beach? I'm talking cocktails of course."
You are the siren, but you are my rocks.
You owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked by.
Are you a construction worker? Because I want to build a world with you.
Are you a construction worker? Because your erecting my monument.
Are you in construction? Because I am an architect of love.
Babe are you a construction site? Because I want to stuff your foundation with my creamy cement.
Babe do you work at a construction site? Because I foresee us building a relationship together.
Babe, let's work construction. I will hand you my wood and we could nail and screw.
Babe, looking to expand your house? Because I can construct additional unit into your private lands.
Babe, relationship is like construction. Some strong poles under you is all you need for strong foundation.
Babe, you cannot start construction yet. Our plans include a date and an all night meeting.
Dam girl are you a construction worker? Because you're raising my skyscraper.
Dam girl are you construction worker? Because you building our life together.
Danger! Erection in progress.
Do you want to hear a construction pick up line? I am still working on it.
Do you work in construction? Because you just build a tower in my pants.
Everyone line up for a turn up the cherry-picker!
Girl are you a construction worker? Because you'd need ear protection when I'm drilling you.
Girl, do you work in construction? Because you know how to work my steel pipes.
Girl, I need to report illegal construction. Because you just built a residential unit in my pants.
Hey girl, are you a barrier constructed to hold back water? Because, DAM!
I hope you brought earplugs, because it's time for the jackhammer!
I know you are not in construction. But you can use my wood anytime.
I need to report for your building and safety violations. Because you are too hot for this construction site.
I’m gonna take out my hammer and nail myself to your heart.
Is it just me or are there actual sparks between the two of us?
Is that a skyscraper building or are you just pleased to see me?
Is this building sprinklered? Because you are on fire.
Let's take this relationship from concept to construction.
Missing a stud? I got wood for you.
So how are we splitting the construction costs? Cause you just shattered the ceiling of beauty.
Together we will build a high rise.
You must be a roadside-construction worker. Because you're double-fine.
You should work at a construction site. Because that smile could light a place up.
You steel my heart.
Babe your ride won't start? I can service you with some fuel injection.
Babe, can I be your mechanic? Because I am want to go under you and get dirty.
Babe, do you know I am a mechanic? I know how to work those nuts & bolts to get you moving.
Babe, I will put some spark plug into you to get you hot.
Babe, this mechanic will surely satisfy you. Because we are amazing to deal with small spots under the hood.
Babe, you a mechanic? Because you could blow my seals any night.
Baby! You blow my fuses.
Before I start working on your car, I need to pop your hood and check your fluids.
Do you know mechanics make great friends with benefits? Because we screw, nut, and bolt.
Do you know that I am a mechanic? I wouldn't mind changing your fluids.
Do you need your car fixed? I can pick you up.
Get blown by the best.
Girl need a mechanic? I will put some oil inside you to loosen you up.
Girl you mechanic? Because you got my engine overheating.
Girl, are you a mechanic? Because you just give my ride a tune up and lubrication inside my pants.
Girl, do you check your fluids often? Put your lipstick on my dipstick.
Girl, I am a mechanic and I want to work my car in your garage tonight.
Girl, I am a mechanic. And I know how to jack you up and make you feel alright.
Girl, where we going, you do not need no brake. We are going all the way till we come.
Girl, you hand turns my wheels.
Girl, you so hot I would port 'n polish both your intake and exhaust manifolds
Hey babe, I’ll be your mechanic if you’ll be my ride.
Hey girl you must be a mechanic. Because looking at you is repairing my broken heart.
How about I shift my wrench into something else.
How about we go to my garage and see what's under the hood.
I am a mechanic. I will rotate your tires and give you a full service to get you humming on the road.
I just need to plug your gap.
I need to inspect your drive tunnel.
I'd like to put my piston in your cylinder.
I'm a mechanic. Your ex broke your smile. I can fix it if you would let me.
I'm no mechanic but I totally would like to oil your piston.
Nice steering rack.
Wanna free lube job?
Who needs oil when you’re naturally charged?
Would you like to lubricate my camshaft?
You got a broken car? I will fix it so it could ride to your broken heart.
You must be a mechanic. Because you sure know how to crank my shaft.
You need some lubricant. I am a mechanic and I can check out your fluid level with my dipstick.
Your dad must have been a mechanic, because you've got a nicely tuned body.
Are you a plumber? Because I am getting wet for you.
Are you a plumber? Because I need you to come fix this leak.
Are you a plumber? Because I need you to pump and clean my pipes.
Are you crying? Babe, I am a plumber, and I will fix your tears from your beautiful eye fixtures.
Are you dripping wet? Because I will plug your itch tonight.
Are you happy to see me or are those pipes in your pants.
Babe, by the time I am done with you. You will have a jump in your water meter.
Babe, don't leave me out by the curb stop, I want to connect my supply line into you.
Babe, how about some real head instead of a shower head.
Babe, I see our point of connection.
Call me a plumber. Because I never fail at laying some pipe.
Can I screw and tighten you ? You seem to be at a high potential.
Can I tinker with your pipes?
Do you know why women call me the plumber. Because of how well I lay the pipe down.
Do you need a handyman? I am a plumber who could use my pipes & wrenches.
Forget about your ex, it's time for some serious repiping.
Girl you wet? I will fix your drips tonight.
Girl, feel free to get down to access my pipes.
Girl, I got the wrenches. And I want to connect my pipes to your leaks tonight.
Girl, I would tap your water line any day.
Girl, this pipe doesn't fix itself. It's time for you to give it a hand job.
Girl, you got a clogged line? I know the perfect way to snake your drain.
Girl, you so hot, you extend my pipes.
Girl, you turn me into a spray hose.
Girl, your fixtures need my caulking.
How about I fully extended my snakes and see how far we could go down tonight.
How about we do my pipe cleaning & your drain cleaning at the same time.
I am a plumber, and I want to tap into your existing water line.
I am a plumber, because babe you are gonna get piped.
I am a plumber, I know how to deal with all kinds of liquids.
I do all my plumbing, I know how to pump and flush some pipes.
I don't normally plunge into a relationship, but tonight I'll make an exception.
I hope you’re a plumber. Because you’ve got my pipe leaking.
I know plumbing babe, want to see how my water can move inside you.
I lay pipes the right way.
I may not look it, but I got the pipe to connect the water main into your life.
I see our futures in some quick connect fittings.
I suck at plumbing, I always make woman's small leak into big squirt.
I wanna flush your pipes, baby.
I want my pipes through your O-ring.
I’m a plumber. I can get down and dirty with you fast, and I will fix all of your leaks.
If my pipes don't fit, we could always add more lubricant.
I'm a plumber, and I can clean your pipes all day.
I'm not an expert in plumbing, but I know that you'd be able to tighten my nuts.
Nice fixtures.
Ready? The water is cumming.
Repiping is easy, I will have to run through my pipes inside your walls.
Tonight was almost down the drain… until you walked in.
Wanna see my plunger?
You are the perfect handle. Babe I will turn your squirt on tonight.
You have just the joint I need.
You make me flushed.
Your nipples are the perfect fit for my nuts and pipes.
A girlfriend is like a good carpenter. No wood gets wasted.
Are you a carpenter? Because when you came in the room it became beautiful.
Are you a carpenter? Because you look like a wood worker.
Are you a carpenter? Because you're giving me wood!
Babe I am the best carpenter, I know how to hammer, screw, and nail.
Babe, are you superstitious? Because I foretell that you will knock on wood tonight.
Babe, I am a carpenter and I know how to make you perfect. Are you board?
Babe, I am a carpenter who builds stairs. I always think a step ahead.
Babe, I'll drill you first then nail you good.
Baby I’m a carpenter. Let’s build a relationship in my shop.
Do you want a drink? I'll get hammered and you will get nailed.
Gare are you a carpenter, because you made my hotdog stand.
Girl are you a carpenter, because you work my wood into timber.
Girl are you a carpenter? Because those are sweet legs you got.
Hey baby are you a Carpenter? You are someone I could build a home with.
Hey carpenter, I'm hammered. Want to nailed me?
Hey girl, are you a carpenter? Because you just made a banana stand out of my wood.
Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.
I am a carpenter, I want to nail you.
I am a carpenter, I want to put my wood on your carpets.
I am a good carpenter, I can nail you any time, and I promise I won't screw up
I guess you're a carpenter now gurl. Because you just saw my wood stash.
I know how to use my tools. My favorite is hammer screw driver.
You’re a carpenter’s wet dream–flat as a board and easy to nail.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Are you a lifeguard because you look like you can save me from falling into this pool of love?
Are you a lifeguard, you be Wendy and I be Squints.
Are you a lifeguard? Will you pee on me because I just got stinged by a jellyfish.
Are you CPR? Because I'm not going to stop doing you until EMS arrives.
Are you my life jacket or my lifeguard because you saved me from this vicious current of life?
Are you my lifeguard who will rescue me from the strong currents in life?
Are you the shallow end? Because I want to put my kids in you.
Are you the splash-and-dash because you’ve got my heart beating.
Babe, I know how to blow life into you.
Can I see your tan lines?
Can you please call the lifeguards! Because I m drowning in your eyes!
Can you save me, my dear lifeguard, from drowning further into your beauty and grace?
Coast Guard regulations, Miss - I have to inspect you.
Do you believe in love at first CPR, or should I drown myself again?
Do you know the #1 skill of lifeguard, the ability to pull out to save a life.
Don’t worry, I know mouth to mouth.
Don't worry baby I know the rear rescue approach.
Girl do you want to see this lifeguard in action? I can last 20 minutes in any position.
Girl, I am a lifeguard, being unconscious is implied consent.
Hear that? The beach wants you to join me for a drink.
Hey babe, wanna see my rescue tube?
Hey girl am I gonna need a swim test for that pussy?
Hey girl, are you a swimming pool? Because I legally can't take my eyes off you and I can dive into you anytime.
Hey girl, wanna play lifeguard? I'll be your whistle and you can blow me all day.
Hey girl, wanna play lifeguard? I'll be your whistle and you can blow me all day.
Hey girl, you need a private lifeguard for your bathtub? Dont worry, I'm always ready to jump in and do mouth to mouth if you need me to.
Hey Lifeguard....swim over here and ride my wave.
Hi Im a lifeguard.
I am a lifeguard and the Red Cross has certified me as a fully trained love machine. Would you like any lessons?
I am thinking of skinny dipping in the pool with the most beautiful lifeguard in the world.
I got something that could use a little resuscitation.
I keep people safe everyday in the water, but I can protect you for the rest of my life.
I sized up the scene and let me tell you.... The bottom check was good.
I want to be practice CPR on you tonight - even though you are not a plastic CPR dummy.
I want to be the lifeguard that will save your gorgeous smile from drowning in the sea of pain.
I want to watch the stunning golden sunsets with the most beautiful lifeguard like you forever.
I’ll front drive you all night baby.
I’ll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I’m not a CPR dummy, but I’d let you practice some mouth-to-mouth.
I’m not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
If I can't have you, life isn't worth guarding.
If thick thighs save lives then you must be the lifeguard at swim lessons.
I'm not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
Is it hot out here, or is it just you?
It's a good thing I'm certified for emergency oxygen because you take my breath away.
Just call, I will go wherever you and save you from the forbidding waves of sorrow.
Keep calm and kiss a lifeguard.
Let me show you my action in large groups while being half naked.
Lifeguard: don't stop, can't stop, save lives.
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Save a whistle, blow a lifeguard.
The piers isn't the only thing that's hard.
Will you help anchor my lifeguard tower by sitting on my lap?
You are going to be fired if the manager found out that you are drowning me in your love.
You are my guardian angel with a pair of gorgeous eyes and pretty sun-kissed skin.
You are the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You make me feel like I want a personal emergency!
You must be a lifeguard, because you could do CPR after you take my breath away.
You must have received Red Cross lifeguarding training because I was drowning until you arrived.
Am I a magician? Because I'm about to make your virginity DISAPPEAR!
Are you a magician. Because you made my v card disappear.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look into your eyes, everyone else suddenly disappears.
Are you a magician? Because you just stopped my heart and time altogether.
Are you ready for a bit of magic.
Babe, are you a magician? Because you just turned my entire deck into hearts.
Babe, I am a magician, and I got the best finger work to play both on stage and in bed.
Babe, I am a magician, because I can steal your heart without you realizing it.
Babe, I am ready to push all my magical seeds into you.
Babe, I never believed in magic until I met you tonight.
Babe, I want to get some of that split spades.
Babe, you make me feel magical tonight. And I want to return that magic inside you.
Check out my deck, because you won't see normal down there.
Did you hear about my perverted magician trick? I pulled my d out of a gina.
Do you feel the magic between us? If not maybe I need to wave my wand again.
Do you want to become my magician assistant? I will make you disappear and reappear on my bed.
For my next trick, I will make you fall in love with me.
Girl are you a magician? Because ABBRA KA DAMN!
Girl do you want to be a magician's assistant? Because I want to penetrate you with my big sword.
Girl you want to learn magic? I can give you my magical tips.
Girl, I got the perfect magic trick, instead of reaching for bunny, how about I reach for pussy?
Girl, I want to take you on my magical ride tonight.
Girl, you make tonight magical.
Grab my deck and you will surely pick up ace in my pants.
Hold on to these balls for me.
How did you do it girl? You appeared and took my breath away.
I ain't no magician. But I'll still take you apart in bed
I can make my fingers disappear. Inside you.
I don't make love, I make magic.
I'd palm that ass of yours.
I'm a magician, If you want to see I can turn you from a virgin to a real woman.
I'm a magician. I can make your clothes disappear with just a kiss.
I'm gonna Buck you. Andthensome.
Is your dad a magician? He just made my future a reality.
Kiss my ace.
My favorite trick is to make bras disappear, girl I need to show you how I do it.
My sleight of hand doesn't just impress, it also pleasures.
Out of all my tricks, loving you is my only classic act.
So... wanna pick my pocket?
Touch my wand.
Wanna get slapped by my deck?
Want a close-up performance of my magic wand?
Want to help break in my deck?
Want to see a magic trick?
Want to see my very long ANACONDA with your own EYE?
Watch my pen penetrate your dollar bill.
When we kiss, I will start believing in magic.
Would you mind if i thirst my dark magician’s staff deep down inside your dark hole?
Yes, I’m a magician. Watch me make your clothes disappear.
You make my card rise.
You wanna memorize my deck?
You’re my magic. And you are my first act. Let's do it.
Your beauty is magical.
After all the dimensionality reduction, I just know that you are the only one for me.
Are you data? Because I would like to visualization you in the rawest form.
Are you data? Data Mine?
Are you ready for some ensemble methods with me tonight with some Natural Language Processing with tongue action.
Are you unstructured data? Because I think I am the only one who can make sense out of you.
Babe are you data? Because I sure want to manipulate and study ways to pleasure you.
Babe, are you data? The only pattern I recognize is how hot you are.
Babe, my bed is totally open source to you tonight.
Babe, tell me about yourself, and I can soon build a predictive model around you.
Do you have a database? Because I want to import and insert my entry into you.
Forget about machine learning, let's do it the old fashioned way.
Girl, I am a data scientist, and I need more data from you. What is your number?
Girl, I need all of your data so that I can fit you into my database.
Girl, I would like to go Deep Learning inside you tonight.
Girl, I would love to data mine you tonight.
Girl, would you be my statistically significant other?
Girl, you do not need to cross-validate me, because for sure I will over-fit you.
Hey girl, by the time you are done with me I will sure raise your average.
I am a data scientist. My specialty? I got PYTHON in my pants.
I am so excited to see you, the only trends in my pants is up.
I do not need no risk analysis to know that you are the perfect decision for me tonight.
I got some data in my pants, time for you to be Data-Driven.
I know correlation is not causation, but babe you made my mind go wild.
I need to know your standard deviation. Should I use the bootstrap?
I should run K means on our profiles. You are I are meant to be together.
Let's go clustering together in bed.
No more data tonight, just a good date with me.
The only crowdsource I want is you.
Want to have some collaborative research tonight?
You are the only one for me, because all of my data point to you.
You got some data, I have some data. Let's see how our databases can form relationship tonight.
You got the totally unique fingerprint in my database.
You know if you were an algorithm, you would totally be a CLASSification algorithm.
All conversion paths lead to you.
All I think all day is how your name fits in my broad match keywords.
All my dating campaigns have been worthwhile because I have reached you.
Allocate me in your budget, and I will give you the highest return of affection spend.
Are you a micro influencer? Because you got the power to convert.
Are you a part of the in-market segment? Because I am the perfect guy.
Are you an influencer? Because you have made quite the impression.
Are you Shopify? Because I want to explore all of your plugins.
Babe, you have clickbaited me at first sight.
Babe, your optimization score is 10.0.
Baby, I can’t opt you out of my mind.
Baby, you can give me a call-to-action anytime
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I start another session?
Do you care about frequency or recency? Because I can do you as often as you need, and as soon as you need it.
Do you have a privacy policy? Cause I’d love to see your fine print.
Do you prefer cross-selling or upselling? Because I can satisfy all of your whole body needs.
Do you prefer engaging with my post or clicking my links?
Do you want a piece of this cookie? Because I would follow you everywhere.
Girl are you a smart ad campaign, because I sure think that you are worth every penny.
Girl are you into multichannel approach? Because I would like to enter you in as many ways as I can.
Girl, are you a online shopping cart that I have abandoned? Because I am seeing you everywhere.
Girl, I don’t need to do any A/B testing with you.
Girl, once I hit your landing page, I will never want to leave your site.
Girl, you are the only exact match that I need.
Girl, you got a sweet reach.
Hey girl, if you were a piece of content, I wouldn’t want to share you with anyone.
How would you like to make a 100% deliverability rate to my heart?
I am in love with you at your title and description.
I don’t need to look at more data. What I’m feeling with you is already statistically significant.
I don't know who you are, but I know you are hot and single. So I will find you and retarget you.
I found you on my “qualified” email list, does that mean we can skip the foreplay?
I love you like a marketer loves reporting.
I will never abandon your shopping cart.
I’d convert on your landing pages anytime.
I’d like to see if your spam can make it through my filter
I’m not saying I’m a sure thing, but in the last 2 weeks my pants have a 100% open rate
If men were landing pages, I’d only want to convert on you.
If you give me your email address, I’ll give you an open rate you will enjoy.
If you take me out for a romantic dinner I’ll guarantee a good ROI.
If you were a piece of content, I wouldn't share you with anyone else.
Is that a Call To Action in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Just give me a call to action button, and I will provide you with a customer of a lifetime value.
Just like your paid search campaign, you’ve made quite the impression on me.
Me without you is like a marketer without analytics…lost, visionless, and confused.
My love for you is an endless session duration.
My love for you is like an infinite scroll…it’s never-ending.
My reach is wide and deep, do you want a taste?
No attribution model could ever explain how you got to be so beautiful.
Now I see why unicorns follow you everywhere…because you are a perfect quality score of 10.
Optin to my bed, and I will show you a great user experience.
So, what is the top conversion path to get you scream in bed?
Talking to you is as easy broad match keyword targeting.
There is no frequency cap on how often I think about you.
Too soon? Maybe I will retarget you at another time.
Want to see how far my deep linking goes?
What do you say we bounce like a bad email?
What do you say we opt-out of here and opt back to my place?
When I look at you, I want to share more than revenue.
When ours eyes met, we had a 100% click rate.
Where is the Like button for your smile?
You are much better than jailbait, you are my clickbait.
You are my final URL.
You could spam me all night and I still wouldn’t unsubscribe.
You don’t have to leave that ad blocker on for me, because babe, we are exact matches.
You got my conversion at first sight.
You got the online coupon to my heart.
You make a great first impression, but what I really want to know is your click through rate
You must be a paid search expert, because your cookies keep me coming back for more.
You must be a social marketer…cause I would swipe right on you any day.
You must be an inbound marketer…cause you sure attracted me!
You’re really into PPC? What a coincidence; I’m really into PVC
You’re so beautiful; you don’t even need an Instagram filter.
Your beauty deserves Likes, shares, comments, and more.
A good SEO can deal with both the frontend and the backend, want to see how I do it?
All the redirect chains in life lead back straight to you.
Are you a featured snippet? Because I have stopped searching for the answer.
Are you a landing page? Because you just give me a call-to-action.
Are you the next Google Update? Because I hear you will be coming soon.
Babe, I can canonicalize every part of you all night long.
Babe, your juice is much better than any link juice.
Baby got back link.
Can we do some link building campaign exchange in private?
Do you believe in link love at first site, or should I refresh my browser?
Do you have a sitemap? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you like your keywords broad or long tail? Because I got the best of both worlds.
Do you prefer the mobile experience in the car or the desktop experience in my bed?
Do you prefer to fetch or render?
For you, I would scroll to the end of the SERPs.
Girl did you hack my search results? Because all the SERP redirects to you.
Girl if you do not set a crawl budget with me tonight, I will crash your server in bed.
Girl you got great coverage, I would love to submit and index you.
Girl you so hot, you just gave me a FID (First Input Delay) under 100ms.
Girl you so sexy, I got a huge CLS (Cumulative Layoutshift) below the fold.
Girl, no matter how the algorithm changes, you will always be my number 1.
Girl, you are the only parameter that get indexed in my heart.
Girl, you just made the perfect link buliding campaign in my pants.
Girl, you just uncompressed my Gzip resource.
How would you like to make a 301 redirect to my heart?
I am a mobile-friendly website, you can use me anywhere any time.
I can do more than just trimming your content. Let's merge the best part of us together.
I can do more than simple SEO. I prefer the omnichannel approach to enter you in different ways.
I can see us together in the next generation image.
I have finally found my link to you, and that anchor text is 'Soul Mate'
I think I’d be a good return on your investment.
I’ve been looking at the analytics, and I’d like to make you my landing page.
If I were Google, I would definitely rank you #1 for 'beautiful.'
If you let me be your googlebot, I'll crawl you all night long.
If you like it, then you should’ve put a link on it.
Is that a bump in your traffic? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a SERP in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Leave with me right now, and I will audit your site and give you a private consultation.
Let me structure your data.
Let’s move this conversation out of beta.
My domain will never expire for you.
My heart had been a 404 all my life. Until I 301 to you, and I become a 200.
My last love 404'd me, so I want to 301 to you.
My title tag is available.
Once you get a taste of my link juice, you will never want another link.
People just notice your title and descriptions, but I check out your entire body content.
Ready for a deepcrawl?
Search here often?
So you use Screaming frog? Invite me to your room, I will show you the real screaming frog.
So, what is your alrogorithm and factors to rank the number 1 lover.
What is your average position?
When I searched your name, I found that people also ask why is your name so beautiful.
Would you like to subscribe to my feed?
You are so beautiful just gave my mind a 5xx error.
You are the world to me, you are the LCP (Largest Contentful Paint) of the club.
You can manage my tags any day.
You have given me the semRush.
You know what is longer than this long URL? Mine…
You know what makes me better than everyone else? People say I provide great user experience.
You must be an SEO expert, because you rank #1 on my list.
You must be banned from Google because it’s blackhat to look that good.
You rank first on my personalized search results.
You've got my favorite body type, heavy above the fold.
Are you a property inspector? Because you are checking me out.
Baby, I'm not asking your for an easement, just a mere right of recreation and amusement.
Baby, I’ve been inspecting your assets all day!
Come into my office and let's take a look at the listings.
Does the house come with mitochondria? Because my power house is producing a lot of energy.
Does this room smell like chloroform to you?
For you, I'm willing to break all the Code of Ethics.
Hello my sexy single neighbor. Would you like to "Combination"?
Hey girl, you might not realize, but you have a lien on my heart.
Hey, baby. Are you looking for property? Because I'm a real estate agent and I've got an opening on "Boner Street."
Home is not a place. It's a feeling. I can give you both.
Housing market goes up and down. Service stays forever.
I love you more than I love referrals...
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'm an appraiser and I'm here to tell you – you are priceless.
I'm sorry, but I'm required by law to disclosure how beautiful you are.
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
Kissing is like real estate. The most important thing is location, location, location.
Let me help you sniff out your next home. I've got all the qualifications.
Let's make it official and close the escrow.
Love is buying your first home together.
Meeting you is like how home buyers feel when they get the keys!
My heart has full occupancy with you in my life.
Now those are some tangible assets!
Please say it again: how long is the escrow?
Talking to you makes me feel like a first time homebuyer – nervous and excited.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
There is an open house tomorrow. I can give you a private tour tonight.
Wanna talk about our Private Mortgage Insurance?
What a beautiful staging. I want to bang you on every piece of furniture.
With a frame and facade like that, you’re Class A in my book!
Would you let me holding period you forever?
You be my #1 client, and I’ll always respond to your requests and keep satisfaction high.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy real estate, and that's kind of the same thing.
You know realtors are very strong. We can flip a house.
You must have many tenants… because you had no trouble attracting me.
You should just provide a full disclosure up front, because you are flawless.
You’re more than just a piece of property.
A portrait of you will need no photoshop at all.
Adobe should've called it InDesire.
Are you a serif font, or are you just happy to see me?
Baby got batch.
Baby I want to have you liquefy my tool!
Baby, lets hide some layers and then play with my brush tool
Baby, you must be a printer’s proof, because everyone else here is just a copy of you.
Bartender, a Distilled Postscript here for my new friend.
Before you came along, I was just Lipsum. With you, I’d be real content.
Before you were mine, everything was grayscale, but now I see the world in CMYK.
Can I Ctrl+O your blouse and Ctrl+S this moment forever?
Can I select your area with my magic wand?
Come back to my place and I’ll show you a really naughty way to fill up some negative space.
Do you want to touch my Bézier curves?
Dreamweaver... I believe you can get me through the ni-ight.
First I think I'll stroke your curve, then I'd like to fill you.
Futura generations will speak of our romance.
Got more cheese? Share it!
Has anybody ever told you that your teeth have perfect kerning?
Hey girl  I bought Photoshop for the Magic Wand Tool 'cause I wanna make you my selection.
Hey girl I'd like to see twenty four frames of you per second.
Hey girl you shine so bright I need to change my ISO to 100.
How many levels of progressive disclosure is that dress?
I am a nudity photographer, would you like to be my model for the night?
I couldn’t help but notice your eye path went right to my smudge stick.
I dig your look and feel.
I hate Comic Sans too... wanna dance?
I just want to get the Helvetica out of here and run away with you.
I know just how you fill.
I like my fonts sans-serif, and you sans-pants.
I like to be touched...and re-touched
I want to live life with you to the fullest resolution (300 dpi).
I wish I had an Eyedropper to capture the color of your eyes.
I would love it if you Felt my Marker.
I wouldn't hit Ctrl+Z after a night with you.
I’m just like a global nav; I love to be on top.
I'd like to Ctrl+Z your pants . . .
If I hit Shift + [ will it increase the hardness of your brush?
If I went to a stock photography site and typed in the keyword: “sexy”, I bet there’d be a picture of you.
If only Helvetica Neue what I would like to do to you...
If our love continues on this vector, it will only grow without loss of quality or clarity.
If you bring the tool, I’ll bring the color palette.
If you left me, I would be cropped and have bleeds for you.
If you like what you see now, wait’ll you look below the fold.
If you were a logo, it would be for a really premium brand.
I'll make your clothes 0% opacity.
I'm hotter than Yuri Arcurs.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm sorry, is my div tag open?
Is that Content Aware Scaling or are you just happy to see me?
Just looking at you from across the bar, I could tell you display high Brightness and Vibrance, and have multiple Layers.
Let’s “Skip Intro” and just go find a hotel room right now.
Let's crop out your boyfriend and play with my tool
Let's get dirty
Let's go to bed and do the baseline shift.
Lets go to my Creative Suite and have some hex. #696969 is my best.
Lets say you and me meet up sometime, and I can do your frontend AND your backend.
Mind if I perform a press check on you?
Mind if I put some transparencies on your clothes?
Mind if I take you for a usability test?
My favorite is #11. Great list!
My Haus or your Haus?
My heart was still like a .jpg. When you entered the room, it was as animated as a .gif. I want everything to be as transparent as a .png between us.
My parents are from Pakistan and Latin America... that makes me Palatino.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Our love can cross the Universe.
Our love is Avant Garde.
Sorry for staring, I thought your face was a work of art. May I capture it with my camera?
They will etch our love in Papyrus.
We can weather anything, because our love is Copperplated.
What if I told you the fly on my legs opens quicker than a 500kb JPEG file?
What Pantone are your underwear?
When I saw you, I had an Akzidenz Grotesk in my pants.
When I serve you breakfast in bed tomorrow, would you like your coffee with cream and sugar, or do you prefer it #000?
With you, I'd never stop().
Would you be interested in exploring a figure/ground relationship?
Would you like to lorem ipsum dolor sit on my lap?
You are one hot Firefox... how about some Private Browsing?
You can adjust my curves any day.
You give Neue meaning to the word Layout!!!
You know the hotkey to my Magic Wand Tool.
You look perfectly put together. Do you display this well in IE?
You must be an photographer, because you have capture my heart.
You put the ho in Hoefler.
You're so fine, you must be 1px.
You're turning my descender into an ascender.
You've got lovely #00FFFF eyes.
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
Baby your like a teacher and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Baby, I know my math, and you’ve one significant figure.
Bet I can pick you up. (Gym Teacher)
Care to evaluate each other?
Care to take a spin in my Pinto?
Carry your bookbag?
drop and give me 69 (Gym Teacher)
Ever hear of dodgeball? (Gym Teacher)
Feel free to pee in the pool, I'll deal with it later. (Gym Teacher)
Gosh... I thought you were a student!
Hey girl, you have the highest tolerance for organized chaos of anyone I know.
Hey girl, you really rocked that new seating arrangement – way to separate the talkers.
Hey girl! From now on your IEPs will be done by elves, calories don’t count, and i’ll stay up late to help you color code data. Just thought you should know.
Hey girl! I know Mondays are hard, but you can get through it. Teach on girl.
Hey girl! I like my women how I like my bulletin boards. Bright, engaging and well-informed.
Hey girl! If I had to write a report card on you, I'd give you straight F’s….for Fabulous
Hey girl! It’s ok to use a stick day just for your own mental health.
Hey girl! That lesson ran bell-to-bell and included a motivation, whole class and group activities, higher order questioning, and a meaningful summary? Your organizational skills are out of this world.
Hey girl! Wine on a school night. Let me pour you a glass.
Hey girl! You really rocked that new seating arrangement-way to separate the walkers.
Hey teacher! You reached students on a whole new level when you incorporated film into the curriculum. Let’s turn on a movie and try out a new learning style.
Hey wanna sign my yearbook with you big pen.
Hey, meet me round the back for a home run. And this time, I won't get caught out. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it's time for handball lessons. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it’s time for handball lessons.
How about a little HANDS ON, sweetie?
How about I drop and give you 5 and a half? (Gym Teacher)
I am gonna do anything to get an A.
I am weak in studying but you can punish me hard as you can.
I can help you feel the burn (Gym Teacher)
I didn’t know angels were allowed in public schools.
I do an early practice at 5am, if you want to come over, I can make you breakfast..
I'm ADD....want to help me relax?
I’ve been a naughty school boy. You should teach me a lesson.
If I were a math teacher, I’d say that one plus two equals me and you!
If you were my homework I’d slam you down on my desk and do you!
Is that a pen in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is there a science classroom nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
Let's do committee sometime!
Meet me in the shed to grab the balls. (Gym Teacher)
Nice tackle. (Gym Teacher)
NOBODY diagrams a sentence like you, baby!
Shall we go to the mixed showers? (Gym Teacher)
Substitute teacher: "does your normal teacher let you do that?"
Take a lap (Gym Teacher)
Teams will be red helmets vs blue helmets, come to my office to play against the purple helmet. (Gym Teacher)
That's not rope burn (Gym Teacher)
There's more than one thing resembling a horse in here. One's a piece of gym apparatus and one's in my pants. (Gym Teacher)
Think you're out of breath and sweaty now? You will be soon. (Gym Teacher)
Wanna climb my rope? (Gym Teacher)
We’re going to find out if 35 goes into 16.
What's a pretty lady like you doing in a lunchroom like this?
Who wants to play dodgeball (Gym Teacher)
You have the cutest little chalk chuck!
You work hard and make a difference take some time for yourself. Your students will understand.
All this corporate giving is getting me hot under the collar-you?
All this problem solving has me wanting to create problems.
Any chance you’d be interested in drilling down with me?
Are you from accounting? Because I was ac-counting on seeing you later.
Are you good with Excel? Then you must be good at spreadsheets.
Are you interested in managing my account?
At the office copy machine "Reproducing eh?" "Can I help?"
Baby, you can give me a call-to-action anytime.
Can I borrow a pen? I need it to write down your number when I ask you for it later today because I didn't want to look it up in the employee directory.
Can I expense you a drink?
Can I see the inside of your cubicle?
Can you assist me with this insertion order?
Can you file a workplace safety incident report? I just fell for you.
Can you help me figure out my operating system?
Come here often? Every day? From 9 to 5? Yeah, I guess that is often.
Do you have a privacy policy? Because I’d love to see your fine print.
Do you have the Wi-Fi password — because I'm feeling this connection.
Don’t feel like you have to go this alone, we can tag team.
Enterprise this.
Forecasting is for people who can’t live in the moment.
Hard cover briefcases are so much better.
How about we slip out of these suits and into something a little more casual Friday?
How would you like to make a 301 redirect to my heart?
I am feeling this burn rate in many places.
I bet it was your hotness that caused today's mandatory fire drill.
I can tell you’re a team player.
I can't erase you from my memory. (Office Supply – USB)
I don’t believe in automation, I am all hands on.
I don’t need to look at more data. What I’m feeling with you is already statistically significant.
I don’t think you and I will need any troubleshooting.
I love you like a marketer loves reporting.
I make small cubicles fun.
I may not be the most handsome guy using the copier, but right now, I'm the only one making you wait for it.
I was thinking about you during that entire conference call.
I would be happy to be your human resource.
I would like to put your consulting expertise to good use.
I would wager that two self-starters like ourselves would have a good time together.
I’d like to make you my feature PowerPoint presentation.
I’m not into cold-call sales, but I’d love to have your number.
If I told you, you had a nice pipeline, would you hold it against me?
If men were landing pages, I'd only want to convert on you.
If we went on a date, what do you think our profit and loss would be?
If you were Microsoft Office, I would totally Access you.
In all the power meetings I’ve ever been to, this room is one of the hottest…for real, it’s hot.
Instead of all these policies and procedures, let’s visit the idea of free will.
Is that low-hanging fruit or are you just happy to see me?
Just like your paid search campaign, you’ve made quite the impression on me.
Let’s do this, but in real time.
Let’s get out from under this fluorescent lighting and find somewhere more comfortable.
Let’s give you a skills analysis.
Me without you is like a marketer without analytics. Lost, visionless, and confused.
My account is totally receivable.
Now, when you say “team building retreats,” what does that mean to you?
Performance evaluations are my favorite day of the year.
Realizing we’re working on a timeline, how much time do we have to get to know each other?
Risk management just sounds like something so clandestine!
Should we debrief?
Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, “Am I a profit or a loss?” Now which one are you?
The best part of this acquisition is you.
The first time I saw you, there was only word that came to mind-benchmark.
The only thing dirtier than those dishes is how much I want to — oh, wait, no, those are really dirty.
There’s nothing like a little file maintenance to keep you on your toes.
Want to play a little document distribution strip poker?
What do you say we bounce like a bad email?
What do you say we opt-out of here and opt-in to my jacuzzi?
What do you say we wrap up this blog post back at my place?
Where else can you employ that analytical ability?
Who needs a financial analysis when I know exactly where to put my money.
You are a cut above rest. (Office Supply – Scissors)
You are just "write" for me. (Office Supply – Pen)
You are the highlight of my day. (Office Supply – Highlighter)
You could spam me all night and I still wouldn’t unsubscribe.
You don’t need a high level of core competency to know that you’re a catch.
You look like a woman in business. (Why?) Because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be an inbound marketer … cause you sure attracted me!
You say accelerated growth, I just say hot.
You say there is little margin for errors but I disagree.
You won’t be needing an expense report tonight.
You're like a style guide. You add consistency to my life.
You’ve been running through my invoices all night.
Your customer interface is impressive.
Your eyes are as intriguing as a good biz dev strategy.
Your methodology is so smooth and deliberate.
After a little restructuring let's just I'd rate you a buy all day
Allow me to introduce myself: I am "borrower," and you must be "lender."
Baby, I love you so much I'm willing to forgo my exit option.
Baby, the way you support free markets stimulates growth in my private sector!
Baby, you're not an option... you're totally a future!
Before we do this I have to ask, what sort of tail risk am I looking at?
Bottom up or top down?
Call me your mutual fund, honey. Because with you, I'm showing interest.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Come into my office and let's take a look at your statements.
Did I tell you I'm filthy rich and my mother's dead?
Did you just rob a bank cuz I can be your getaway.
Do you have a bank account? You must! Im saving all my love for you.
Do you like to role play? I'll be the banking industry and you can play the American people.
Future projections put you at overweight but I'm still saying buy tonight
Girl you are so hot you are like my LBO MODEL
Girl, are you a stock? Because you sure like bouncing a lot!
Good thing I just bought term life insurance… because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Hey girl, would you be receptive to my takeover bid?
Hey there, can I WACC you off?
I have a feeling you really understand the "nature of the firm."
I have a small penis, but a big bank account.
I have an emergency fund and I want to spend a little on you.
I hope I haven't given you the wrong impression. I'm actually taller and richer than I look.
I hope you're a bear, because I'm going to go down on you.
I just bought a bass boat with cash … and it's a good thing, because you're quite a catch!
I never co-sign anything. But I'd love to co-sign your marriage license.
I think you'll find the delta between myself and others to be significant
I want to restructure you
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'd like to get you and your friends together for a comparable analysis
I'll be your credit if you'll be my debit.
I'll be your debit if you'll be my credit.
I'll reveal my preferences if you will.
I'll show you my forecast...if you'll show me yours.
I'm what they call a deep value investor, with an eye for "special situations"
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd be in a higher tax bracket.
Is that your pocket calculator or are you just pleased to see me?
Is your credit score bad? Because you look like a 10 to me!
Let's get this IPO off the ground. Initial Penetration of the Opening, that is.
Let's go make some statements together
Let's go to bed and try to disprove the law of diminishing marginal utility.
Let's just say I've been with models before and know all about their sensitivity tables..
Now those are some tangible assets!
Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. I am DEBT FREE! Now I can afford you!
The good news? I'm debt-free. The better news? I'm also date-free.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
Wanna talk about our private goods?
When I saw you, my jaw dropped like the value of a new car!
Why am I nervous about talking to you? Because you're better than I deserve.
You look like a successful business woman, because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be fiscally irresponsible because I'm feeling inflationary pressure in my pants.
You seem nice, I just want to make sure you aren't one of those FIFO guys
You're a hot commodity.
You're an economist. I'm an economist. How about a little horizontal integration?
You're finer than the print on my credit card statement.
You're my very favorite kind of moral hazard.
You're so hot you could melt my debt snowball.
You've got the curves to supply my demand!
Are you a campfire? Because your quotes are hot and I want s’more.
Are you going to schedule a meeting with me, or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you insured for sex?
Be my Beneficiary!
Can I take your picture to prove to my coworkers that perfection does exist?
Did you list “boxer” as your occupation? Because you’re a knockout client.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or do you want to see that quote again?
Do you have car insurance? Because I never take it slow and I'd totally wreck you.
Do you have pet insurance? because i'm about to smash your pussy.
Do you like cats? Because your medical history is puurrrrfect.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because your script check was flawless.
Don’t lie on your personal history interview. You wouldn’t want to mess with perfection.
Dr. Phil thinks you’re afraid of commitment. Sign here and let’s prove him wrong.
Excuse me, I think I dropped something. Oh, wait. Nope, that’s just your premium.
Good thing I just bought term life insurance, because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Guy: Does your ass have Allstate insurance? Girl: No, why? Guy: Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Hey baby, I can put you on my health insurance policy.
I hope you have insurance on that body, because you just put a dent in my pants.
I like Legos. You like Legos. Let’s build a relationship.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your insurance dreams come true.
I might have to ask you to leave my office. You’re making my other clients look bad.
I was blinded by your beauty so I’m going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I will held liable for all bodily injury or property damage.
I would love to speak with you regarding your insurance just before you die; when will that be?
I’ll be the Dairy Queen and you’ll be the Burger King. I’ll treat you right and we can do it your way — the application, I mean.
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but I sell disability insurance for a living.
I’m sure you get this all the time, but you look a lot like my next client.
If you fall for me, this DI will support you.
Is your last name Campbell? Because this medical history is “mmm…mmm good!”
Is your last name Gillette? Because you’re the best an agent can get.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but you don’t need disability insurance, right?
Let's go to my office and go over some claims.
Let's make it official and finally get that certificate... of insurance.
Life without DI would be like a broken pencil: pointless.
Maybe we should talk about life insurance before it's too late.
Movie stars give thousands of signatures a day. All I’m asking for is just one from you.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you to meet this week?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress, which in turn can cause severe medical problems. So before you turn me down, let’s a get a disability insurance policy in place.
Some doctors might say you’re afraid of commitment. Sign right here and let’s prove them all wrong.
You are all assets and no liabilities
You must be a magician, because when I submitted your app, the underwriting problems disappeared.
You probably are not under my premium coverage, but I am willing to take the risk.
Your disability insurance policy is like pizza: Even when it’s bad, it’s good.
Hey, I'm the cable guy, my only policy is that if I hook your cable up, you have to hook mine up!
Hey baby how long/hard is your cable?
Are you a carpenter? Because when you came in the room it became beautiful.
Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.
Wanna play carpenter? First we get hammered, then ill nail you!
You’re a carpenter’s wet dream–flat as a board and easy to nail.
Hey carpenter, I'm hammered. Want to nailed me?
I am a carpenter, I want to nail you.
Are you a carpenter? Because you're giving me wood!
Your eyes are like wrenches ..... they make my nuts tighten.
I always wear my hard hat, baby.
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don't you?
Hey! Ya wanna try out my new 'Home Artificial Insemination Kit?'
I have a job for you.... but it blows
I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts
I've got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
You are the perfect switch. You turn me on.
Can I earth you? You seem to be at a high potential.
You are my AA battery, you charge me up
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you would be the new McShock.
Baby are you the secondary winding to my transformer, I feel magnetically coupled to you.
You and I are so perfect, want to make a complete circuit?
Baby your ass is rounder than a motor's rotor.
You are like a 250 W halogen, you brighten my world.
Guy: You are the light of my life. Girl: You turn me on.
Are you a electrician? Because when you came in I felt a gilt of energy.
Are you an electrician? Because you turn me on.
I don't usually like being shocked, but when I saw you I was knocked off my feet!
I'm an electrician, let me remove your shorts
I am an electrician, I want to give you a jolt of my high voltage juice,
I am a HVAC installer, I want to heat you up and cool you down.
Are you a plumber? Because that is a solid career choice with a decent wage and I crave stability.
Can I tinker with your pipes?
I don’t normally plunge into a relationship, but tonight I’ll make an exception.
I have a dirty job. I’m a plumber.
I hope you're a plumber because you got my pipe leaking
I wanna flush your pipes, baby.
I'll only use rigid pipe in your rim holes.
I’m a sucker for a man who knows how to use his equipment.
If there's anything I know how to do the right way... it's lay pipe. I'm happy to prove it!
Is that your boyfriend? Because that’d throw a real wrench in my plans
Is your father a plumber? Because when you come in the room, it seems so clogged.
Let’s become a potty of two tonight.
Plumber? I hardly even know her.
That is quite an elbow joint.
That tool belt really brings out the color in your eyes!
Toi-let me be your valentine would be the greatest honor.
Tonight was almost down the drain… until you walked in.
Want to see my tool?
You’re flooding my heart with emotions.
I am a plumber, I want to ream you with my plunger.
Bet we could fit two in those bunkers.
Can I hit your hydrant?
Care to hit my hydrant?
Care to see the hosebed?
Did u know that women firefighters are professional hose handlers.
Don’t prime the pump unless you want to squirt a little water.
Ever been in a firefighter before?
Firefighters are always in heat.
Firemen have the longest hoses
First rule for a patient is to remove all restricting clothing, can I go ahead and start now?
Get rid of your smoke detector and sleep with a firefighter.
Girl in bar: what do you do for a living? Firefighter reply; I make the six o'clock news.
Hey girl! It’s my job to go in when it’s extremely Hot and I never pull out until it’s dripping wet.
Hey girl! Wanna slide down my pole.
Hey Girl! You know firefighter have huge hoses.
Hey handsome, do you want to play firefighters? Together, we can practice “stop, drop and roll”.
I am a firefighter, I run into burning buildings to save a complete stranger, imagine what I would do for you.
I am on fire, you wanna stop drop and roll with me?
I could make you scream louder than the siren.
I don’t have a very long hose, but i got one hell of a pumper.
I save babies, puppies, and kittens. And I look forward to saving you from a boring life!
I wanna hear you scream like the siren.
I would climb you like a ladder.
I'm a firefighter.
I'm a woman firefighter but I forgot my hose. Can I use yours?
I’m a fireman; I’m an expert in what’s hot.
I’m going to ride you like a fire truck on a bad stretch of road on the way to a 6 alarm fire!
I’m on fire, put me out!
In my line of work I'm required to put fires out but if you want to start one call me.
It's long, hard and Pumps like a bastard, but that's just the Truck
Nice hose, does it pump?
Play with fire and you end up burnt BUT play with a firefighter and you end up wet.
The fire might be out but you are still smoking hot.
The hotter you get, the faster we come!
Trust me I'm a fire fighter
Wanna go for a ride along? Then later I can show you the truck.
Wanna slide down my pole?
Want to see my hose lay?
Want to see my tool?
You can call me "The Fireman"....mainly because I turn the hoes on.
You can climb me like a ladder.
You handle that hose well, how about the other one?
You wanna stop drop and roll with me?
You’re hotter than a 4 alarm fire.
Your hosebed or mine?
Your so hot, a firefighter couldn’t put you out.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of my bed.
Bulletproof vest? Nah. It's all muscle.
COPS!! Spread em'.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
Did I tell you that I live next door to Dunkin Donuts?
Do you know how fast you were going when you fell from heaven?
Drop 'em!
Ever seen a baton this big?
How about you cock my gun?
I always turn on my siren when I spot a siren.
I have a great idea for those handcuffs.
I hear cops like a big bust.
I love a man in uniform
I'm a police officer!
I'm ready to enforce the law of attraction.
I'm writing you a ticket. "Fine" is written all over you.
I’d love you to frisk me.
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's go to my place for some under-cover work.
Ma'am we've had some complaints that you're being too sexy. I'm gonna have to arrest you.
My cuffs or your cuffs tonight?
Nice uniform, it would look great at the foot of my bed…
Not here to bust you. But we are here for your bust.
Step out of the vehicle. Walk a straight line into my life.
Stick with me and those lights won’t be the only thing flashing.
Stop! Don't you know it is illegal to look that fine?
That’s a mighty big “flash light” you have there officer….
Want to plant something on me?
Want to play good cop bad cop?
What are you doing with your night stick later?
What else do you do with that night stick?
You got fine written all over you.
You have the right to remain silent. I doubt you will.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
Are you my lawyer? Because you should be screwing me.
Are you pro-bono or just happy to see me.
Did it hurt…when you fell from heaven? Because I know a good personal injury lawyer.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
Girl, I can sustain an objection for almost four hours.
Girl, you're testi-fine.
Hey baby, are you a lawyer because talking to you just violated the terms of my parole.
Hey baby, I’ll show you my opening statement but it’s up to you to close.
Hey baby, let's go back to my place and practice some lateral equality.
Hey baby! do you have a lawyer cause you just stole my heart.
Hey boy, did you see the season finale of Suits? Well I know a nice file room where we can reenact it.
Hey boy, I don’t need your call number. I know I can find you in the Fine section.
Hey boy, I hear you're of good fame and character. Just disclothes, and I'll admit you.
Hey boy, if I were on a jury I'd find you guilty of being criminally gorgeous.
Hey Girl! I’m a lawyer call me when u want to get a divorce.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I hope you don’t object to this leading question, boy, but you want me, don’t you?
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
I need someone to look through these briefs.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
I’ll teach you about jurisdiction, if we change the venue to my place.
I’m going to sue the pants off you.
If loving you is a crime, then I’m looking at a life sentence.
Is that a gavel in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your Daddy a lawyer? Because you look innocent and I feel guilty.
Is your estate subject to open?
Just be who you are, I'm not the one to judge.
Let me show you my mens rea.
Let's adjourn to the bedroom.
Let's just say boy, if you give me your instructions well, I can be a very vocal advocate.
Nice rebuttal.
Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
The prosecution can rest at my place tonight.
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
Unlike a court, I would definitely order specific performance of a contract for service. Especially if it were oral.
What better alibi could you have than spending the night with me?
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
You want to approach the bench and badger my witness?
You're so fine you make my whole courtroom out of order.
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Are you a dentist? Because you leave a bad taste in my mouth.
Are you a dentist? Because you're so sweet I'm getting cavities!
Aye babe! Wanna get drilled?
Can you feel this?
Have you ever slept with a dentist? Want to?
He Sexy! I'm gonna drill you so hard that you'll bleed.
Hello there little lady, Looks like you've got a hole that needs filling.
Hey baby, I'm a dentist. Why don't you lie back and let me fill your cavities.
Hey baby, if you were a polishing disc, you'd be superfine.
Hey girl, if you were a tooth, you would be an upper left lateral incisor!
Hey girl! Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
I am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly because I like you.
I need to fill your cavities.
I want to melt in your mouth.
I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep.
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now.
I'm like a dentist, I'll drill you and fill you.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Is your father a dentist? Because you have a Beautiful smile.
It takes 43 muscles to frown and only 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
It's time to probe your gaps.
Looks like you've got a sweet tooth.
Open wide.
Smile, it lets your teeth breathe.
Stick your tongue out farther for me.
Stop undressing me with your eyes! Use your teeth!
Suck on this for just a second.
The fact that I'm missing some teeth only means that there's more room for your tongue.
What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper.
Would you like me to teach you how to floss?
You have pretty teeth you must be a dentist.
You must be a dentist, because I can't smile without you.
You sure have white teeth, you must brush them! (Redneck)
You're drooling a bit.
You're so sweet. I'm getting a toothache just looking at you.
You've a nice smile. Can I be your dentist?
You've got a great smile.
Your a piece of eye candy and I've got a sweet tooth.
Your gums looks sensitive. Let me stab them with this prison shank.
Your teeth are like stars. Slightly yellow and very far apart.
Are you doing anything on Saturday? Wait, I just checked--you're not.
Are you on FBI’s most wanted? Cause you’re at the top of my list.
Are you the CIA? Because I don't think the president gave you permission to torture me with those good looks.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my chat log reviews all day.
Baby your Verizon line ain't the only thing I'm trying to tap
Baby, my drones aren't the only thing that have heat a seeking missile..
Being broke sucks. Let me buy you a drink
Could you help me find my stationary?
Damn, girl. Is your ass the internet? cause ima monitor that all DAY.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or did I misunderstand your search history?
Do you have a library card? Because I’m checking you out. You and your library history.
Every breath you take
Every move you make
Every bond you break
Every step you take
NSA watching you
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Girl, I can't wait to violate your privacy in real life.
Girl, I haven't had a crush this bad since your mom got her first iphone. Smile, I unlocked your webcam!
Girl, you must have fallen from heaven because there is no tracking data to indicate how you arrived at this location.
Girl, you owe me a drink because when I saw you I dropped mine.
Hey baby, I know what you did last summer
Hey baby, I'd do anything to get with you... like lowering your ex's credit score, wire tapping your boss and taking you off the no fly list
Hey baby, your buns are on fire, you've left your oven on
Hey baby... what are you wearing? Just kidding, I'm watching you.
Hey, can I have your number? Just kidding. Already got it
Hey, I've never met you, and this is crazy, but I stole your number, so answer baby!
Hi there beautiful. Can I buy you the drink your last one night stand got you?
Hi, I just wanted to introduce myself. I've been watching you for a looooong time
How do you kill 5 hours in Rio, if you don't samba?
I bet I can guess your weight, birth sign, mother's maiden name, SSN and your car's VIN
I couldn't help but hear your phone conversation with your sister yesterday & I think I can be that kind of man for you!
I feel like I've known you forever, or at least since the Bush administration
I feel like I've known you since you got that cellphone for your 15th birthday.
I flagged you at first sight
I heard you like teddy bears. You can give me a cuddle
I knew you'd be here.
I know exactly where you have been all my life.
I know this is a little straight forward, but I feel like I already know everything about you.
I must complete the mission, but first, sex.
I probably shouldn't tell you this, but you've got malware on your laptop and some creep from Idaho is jerking off to you through your webcam
I think he got the point.
I was going through your email and noticed you like cat too!
I was going through your inbox and thought maybe we could be together!
I will ALWAYS have my eyes on you, darling...! My love for you is unconstitutional.
I will be keeping an eye on your smile, and off your perfectly formed arse!
I'd never cheat on you like your boyfriend does with your BFF
I'd tap that.
I'm a great listener
I'm incredibly rich. Here's a new iPhone 5 with my number in it. Call me sometime.
I'm so honored to meet you. I'm kind of a big fan, I've read all of your e-mails
I've got a tap on you, now I just need that ass
If being sexy was a crime, you would be on FBI’s most wanted list.
Is that a Wi-Fi enabled device in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Just relax while we unzip your files.
Let me buy you dinner, I know you don't have much in your bank account.
Lovely dress, darling, but the one you tried on before you left home looked even better.
May Day, where have you been? I've been waiting for you . . . to take care of me, personally.
Message from 672-739-5463 ( NSA-SEX-LINE ) You left your car keys on the kitchen counter and your panties are on backwards.
My love for you is unconstitutional
Roses are red, violets are blue, your pin number 6852.
Shocking. Positively shocking.
Single male, attentive listener. Like to intercept communications, bodily fluid from international women.
Take a giant step for mankind.
That's quite a nice little nothing you're almost wearing. I approve.
The CIA is trying to steal my penis... I need to find a place to hide it.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Then how about a nightcap on the company? My company.
We had you at hello.
We understand you so much better than the guy you're with now.
Well, I'm afraid you've caught me with more than my hands up
What's a nice girl like you doing at the corner of 5th and Guadalupe avenue at 8:37pm?
Whatever I am...Whatever is left of me, I'm yours.
When one is in Egypt, one should dive deeply into its treasures.
Whoa... you look way sexier than indicated in your metadata
Why didn't I text you back? Because I already knew what you were going to say.
Would you...be interested in a night cap
You come here often.
You didn't think I'd miss this performance, did you?
You don't think I enjoyed what we did this evening, do you? What I did tonight was for Queen and country!
You look way prettier in person than through your webcam.
You must be the Constitution, because I want to violate you.
You're free Friday. Would you like to have dinner?
Your credit score is so fine, I wish I could co-sign a car loan with you all night long.
Your parents must have been clams, but I've already cracked you.
Can I sweep you off your practical, orthopedic waitress shoes?
Hey, I’ve never eaten here before. What do you all recommend?
How do I get my girlfriend to lose some weight? I was thinking I should get her on Subway sandwiches like Jared. No really, is this place low-fat?
I have a big tip for you but you will have to receive it in private.
I just kept ordering coffee so you’d talk to me. Now I just have to pee.
I love it when a girl knows her fried foods.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to card me. It didn’t work. My name’s _______.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to see I’m an organ donor. Here, take my heart. (And my number.)
I ordered a beer because talking to you made me nervous as hell. Please, terrify me again at your earliest convenience.
I ordered the skate so you’d think I was sophisticated and healthy. Now I’m still hungry. Pizza burgers when your shift ends?
I'm thinking of getting into waitressing...can you give me any tips on how to break into the industry?
Is there a non-creepy way to hit on your waiter? If so, please text it to me.
Is work the only place that you are good at serving?
My burger was great, but YOU are rare and well-done at the same time.
My idiot friend thinks you’re cute. I told him he was wrong—you’re gorgeous. Call me when your shift ends?
Since you are on your feet all day, I figured you'd like to go lay down with me when you are done?
So do you spit, or is that only your cooks?
So when’s your next night off?
That accent - ________? It is very pretty. Where are you from?
I would really like to learn ___________. Can you be my tutor? What is your number?
This restaurant? Luckiest busboys in the world.
What time do you get off? Well what time do you get out of work?
You brought me lunch, can I bring you dinner?
You get 25 percent of the bill and 100 percent of my heart. Call me?
You so should be working at Hooters!!!
You’d be the perfect woman, even if your hair didn’t smell like French fries.
Are you a general because you make my private stand at attention?
Are you in the Air Force? Cause your hotter than the engine of an F-22A Raptor.
Babe, are you an officer? Cause you just made my privates stand at attention.
Babe, you're like the assault cutting score cause you're making me go up, up and away
Baby, you put the 'fox' in 'foxhole'.
BAMCIS!
Banana show anyone?
BOHICA
Can I attack your chow hall?
Can I foxtrot india November golf echo Romeo you?
Can I whisky tango all over your foxtrot?
Can l prick your 119?
Care to accompany me on a quiet, romantic, moonlit beach for a 5-mile hike and a hundred push-ups?
Check your six I'm coming in!
Contact rear.
Do you mind if I be YOUR Jody for tonight?
Drop and give me 20 - on my lap.
Drop and give me 69!
Girl you want to see my glowstick and PT with me!
Grab it by the 6-inch barrel.
Have you been laid recently? Because I have a charge 8 stick with your name on it.
Hey babe are you a weapon? Cause I'm about to make you condition one.
Hey babe, wanna swab my deck?
Hey baby, can I shoot some rounds center mast?
Hey baby, I can't put you in the Corps but I can put the Corps in you.
Hey baby, I'd swab your poopdeck any day.
Hey baby, lemme put my oorah in your who-ha.
Hey baby, wanna cock my shotgun?
Hey baby, you delta tango foxtrot?
Hey girl, since I'm a red head, I'm gonna put you on fire watch.
Hey girl, you didn't need to say zero to make me freeze.
Hey girl. Nice club foot. You want some Tricare?
Hey LT, wanna evac this bar and go see my hangar?
Hey sweetheart, let me tell you about the pink sock.
Hey there, wanna be my AR 15 tonight: tap, rack, bang?
Hey you let's go practice our morale!
Hey you my roommate is going out tonight.
Hey you wanna be a Marine? No? Wanna make little ones?
Hey you wanna go and PT?
Hi, is your name Wagner?
How about you lock your bolt to the rear and I'll insert a round in the chamber?
I always wrap it before I rack tap bang so what do you say we pop off these saved rounds?
I bet u wouldn't mind zeroing my rifle would you??
I bet you give great Kevlar!
I came for the boots but I stayed for the dependents.
I can stand at attention for hours, wanna play formation?
I forgot my CIF gear. Looks like this little marine is going in slick.
I got my bore punched.
I have applied a light coat of CLP to my barrel.
I have completed inspection of your SL-3 and the only thing missing is ME.
I heard you're PFT.
I love box chow.
I want to double time march in or around her mouth.
I want to stick my ram rod into your choke tube.
I'd like to FFE on your face.
I'd like to locate close with and destroy your hooyah with my madeuce!
I'd like unload show clear with you.
I'll just let my top gear boys show you how its done.
I'll land this osprey in your LZ any time.
I'm about to flank you from the rear.
I'm about to hasty ambush that bunker.
I'm going on deployment soon and I'm not getting BAH....Yet.
I'm gonna break you down shotgun style.
I'm max EL and ready to recoil.
I'm sorry did I spill my camel pack on you?
I'm the best humper in the company. That's why he puts me in the rear.
If you want me to adjust your mortar, I'll sure give you a fist and a thumb.
Is that a radio in between your legs? Because comm is about to go down!
Is that your 60? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is your back blast area all clear? Cause this rocket is wants you to blow.
Is your back blast area all clear?
It ain't about the size of your antenna, it's how far you can shoot your comm
It's your lucky day I don't come with a BFA.
Lemme BAMSIS that SMEAC
Let me field day that scuttlebutt
Let me get those ten digits and ill fire for effect
Looks like your range doesn't have left or right lateral limits.....TARGET!
My hangout spot is driftwood.
Oorah YUT YUT semper Fi devil dog?
Prepare to mount!
Remember 'An Officer and a Gentleman'? I'm neither, baby.
Requesting permission to enter friendly lines
Scuttle that butt on over here.
Soldier, I'm admiring your strategic frontal mammary tissue mounds, two each.
Stand on the yellow footprints and prepare for receiving
Tap rack bang
Target acquired, we are weapons hot, cleared to engage.
The head of t the COC is ready for you mam.
The penalty for being out of uniform is a spanking.
Time for some PT!
Two in the head, one all over her chest...
Uncle Sam ain't the only one who wants you.
Unload, show clear.
Wanna clean the head?
Wanna go on a board?
Wanna help me dishonorably discharge?
Wanna help prepare my condition one weapon?
Wanna know why I'm called a 'drill' sergeant?
Wanna ride my torpedo?
Wanna see my CAC?
We are gonna comm until it hertz baby!!
What's a pathetic weak piece of @#$%*! like you doing in a !&%#@$ dump like this??
Whisky Tango Foxtrot?
Women? You mean lotion and a sock?
Wow, my CAC NEVER fit this way!
You can sit on my post any day
You must work at postal cause I'm sure you were just checking out my package.
You on patrol? I wouldn't mind you patrolling with the mighty fine me.
You put the R.E in MRE
You. Me. BAH. You in?
You'll only have to give me one pushup soldier, if it's your bra.
Your perfume reminds me of napalm in the morning.
(Hold out a stethoscope) Why don't you listen to your heart and go out with me?
(Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don't we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam?
Are you a doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Are you a nurse? Because you cured my erectile disfunction.
Are you a pulmonary embolism? 'Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
Are you Broca's Aphasia? Because you leave me speechless.
Are you lost Ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work, but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Baby you're so sweet you're gonna put me in DKA!
Baby, you make me vasodilate!
Blood is red, cyanosis is blue, I get tachycardia when I think of you.
Can I take your temperature? Because you're looking hot today.
Come into my office and take off your pants.
Did you damage my cerebellum? Because I'm falling all over the place for you.
Do you believe in love at first site, or do I have to walk by again?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have an inhaler? You took my breath away.
Does this rag smell like chloroform?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
EMTs come when people go down
Ever slept with an EMT? Want to?
Excuse me, I think you dropped something: My jaw.
Fire Fighters play with their hoses, I bring the bed
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
Hey girl, you're like a car accident, because I can't look away.
Hey, are you a conditioned stimulus? Because you're making me drool.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy?
I am an organ donor, need anything?
I can find every pulse in your body!
I can make your heart skip a beat. No really, I'm certified to do it!
I don't want to go all Freudian on you, but cute doctors pull strong feelings from me because they're a safe target for feelings I originally had for my parents.
I have all sorts of protection
I have my own multi-positional bed
I hope you passed CPR because you're taking my breath away
I might need life alert, because I've fallen in love with you and can't get up.
I need a life. Please lower your standards and go out with me.
I need to practice my trauma assessments. Will you be my patient?
I think you are suffering from a lack of Vitamin Me.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
I'd like to find another doctor. Why? Because I've got a crush on you. Would you like to grab lunch sometime?
I'd love to do a 12 lead on you
I'll shock the socks off you
I'm a medic, I know your body better then you do!
I'm an expert in mouth-to-mouth
I'm familiar with Latex and restraints
I'm feeling a little off today. Will you turn me on?
I'm good with multiple partners
I'm like a doctor, actually an orthodontist, I'm gonna have to ask you to, ya know, uh take off your clothes
I'm no organ donor, but I'd happy to give you my heart.
I'm the best in rapid clothing removal
I'm used to staying up all night
If I go into cardiac arrest will you give me mouth to mouth?
If you need a love doctor, I have like a medicated degree.
Is that a Laryngoscope handle in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is there something in your eye? Oh wait, its just a sparkle.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition.
Keep talking... I'm diagnosing you.
Medics know how to pick you up 5 different ways
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
My love for you burns stronger than my urinary tract infection.
My love for you is like diarrhea. I can't hold it in.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
No one else can cut off your clothes, restrain you, and sedate you like a medic can… Wanna play?
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Playing doctor is for kids...let's play gynecologist!"
Sit back and relax…I fix broken hearts.
Stand back, I'm a doctor. You go get an ambulance, I'll loosen her clothes.
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
They don't call me Bones because I'm a doctor.
Those clothes look uncomfortable… need me to cut them off for you?
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Wanna feel safe tonight? Sleep with an EMT.
Wanna join the code 3 club?
Wanna play 'Doctor', Doctor?
Wanna see if we can drown out the siren?
We always come when we are called
We are prepared for any rhythm
We should get some coffee… Because I'm liking you a latte.
When we first met I couldn't get you out of my mind, now I can't get you out of my heart.
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
Where there is a pulse there is a chance.
You breathe oxygen? We have so much in common.
You give me premature ventricular contractions.
You have acute angina.
You know, I've been highly trained to stick things into people…
You look familiar. Did we have class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
You make my dopamine levels all silly.
You must be the one for me… Since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
You've got 206 bones in your body, want one more?
You've got beautiful veins
Your bus or mine?
Your calves must be aching. Because you've been back-marching through my mind all day.
Are you a bear, because I want to go down with you.
Are you into markets? How about I show you the candlestick of what I own?
Babe, are you autist enough to date me?
Babe, how about BTD? Buy the dip. My dip.
Babe, I'll trade my time and money for your love.
Babe, keep on going down, and I'll always average down with you.
Babe, long or short? Either way I got you.
Babe, the market is not the only thing going parabolic tonight.
Babe, what a great hedge you got there.
Babe, you got premium.
Babe, you just gave me an all time high in my pants.
Buy me babe, I'll outperform for you tonight in bed.
Are you a day trader? How about we do some overnight trading?
Do you want to bond me, or should I stock you instead?
Double bottom or double top, I want them all.
Funding secured!
Girl I got my P&L to show you tonight. Pushing and loving that is.
Girl you know how to ride the bull wave?
Girl you so hot, perhaps its time to split your legs.
Girl, are you ready for some high frequency action tonight?
Girl, have you been rated by an analyst? Because you are definitely a buy.
Girl, I am all in. Do you feel the bullishness?
Girl, I could bear hug you all night long.
Girl, I could chart you every day of my life.
Girl, I love that double bottom of yours.
Girl, I love you high and low.
Girl, I'll let you call where I put in tonight.
Girl, let's go all the way, because the bottom is not in until I enter my position.
Girl, you are the worth the risk.
Got stonks babe?
Hey girl, buy this stud and I will rally into you all night long.
I am bullish for you babe.
I got leverage, and I know how to use it.
I got the money, you got the body, let's see what return we could yield together.
I like my woman wild. Are you a volatile asset?
I want to know all of your technical, so I could do some proper research into you.
I will buy and hold you forever. Never selling you.
I'd want some of my bear paws on those double top of yours.
If you have a ticker symbol, it must be either $SEXY or $HOT
Loving you pays dividends.
So what is your interest rate for me?
Want to experience some Mutual Fun tonight?
Want to see what fully invested feels like?
We know we got futures together.
Which direction should I go? Long or short?
You are my long term hold.
You are my tendies baby.
You gave me the indicator signal to push the button for you girl.
You so hot, I am gonna YOLO you with out of the money calls.
You want some ETF tonight? I will Ejaculate The Fuck into you!
You will always get the upgrade in my heart.
Your value stocks make me grow in my pants.
Are you as strong as your drinks are?
At what time you get off?
Can I buy you a shot? How about dinner?
Can I get a shot... at lovin you?
Can you pour me a drink like you poured yourself into those jeans?
Can you shake your hips like you shake your drinks?
Forget about sex on the beach, how about some sex behind the bar?
Hello Bartender, can I have two pints of lager and a shot of you.
Here’s a tip: You should go out with me.
Hit me with your best shot!
How about you make me a good, strong cocktail—easy on the tail.
How do you keep that ice from melting when you’re so hot?
How may I serve you?
I came here to do two things: Get drunk & get your number. Looks like I am pretty drunk.
I can lick it, slam it, and suck it...more limes please!
I like my bartenders like I like my Martinis—in my mouth.
I like my bartenders like I like my Mimosas, bottomless.
I like my beer and men the same, with a lot of head.
I see you know your way around a "slippery nipple".
I’ll have something sweet—like you.
I’ll take two Screaming Orgasms—one now, and one back at my place.
I’m not drunk. But you could fix that.
I'd love to taste you on it.
If I buy a round of Blow Job shots, will you squirt the whipped cream directly into my mouth?
If you like water- you're gonna love 70% of me.
If you were an alcohol, what would you be?
I'm really good at swallowing a shot.
Instead of get me drinks, how about injecting me with some life.
Is your relationship on the rocks? I have some alcohol for that!
That’s a generous pour. If I get too drunk, you might have to drive me back to your place.
Would you recommend blow jobs or sex on the beach? I'm talking cocktails of course."
You are the siren, but you are my rocks.
You owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked by.
Are you a construction worker? Because I want to build a world with you.
Are you a construction worker? Because your erecting my monument.
Are you in construction? Because I am an architect of love.
Babe are you a construction site? Because I want to stuff your foundation with my creamy cement.
Babe do you work at a construction site? Because I foresee us building a relationship together.
Babe, let's work construction. I will hand you my wood and we could nail and screw.
Babe, looking to expand your house? Because I can construct additional unit into your private lands.
Babe, relationship is like construction. Some strong poles under you is all you need for strong foundation.
Babe, you cannot start construction yet. Our plans include a date and an all night meeting.
Dam girl are you a construction worker? Because you're raising my skyscraper.
Dam girl are you construction worker? Because you building our life together.
Danger! Erection in progress.
Do you want to hear a construction pick up line? I am still working on it.
Do you work in construction? Because you just build a tower in my pants.
Everyone line up for a turn up the cherry-picker!
Girl are you a construction worker? Because you'd need ear protection when I'm drilling you.
Girl, do you work in construction? Because you know how to work my steel pipes.
Girl, I need to report illegal construction. Because you just built a residential unit in my pants.
Hey girl, are you a barrier constructed to hold back water? Because, DAM!
I hope you brought earplugs, because it's time for the jackhammer!
I know you are not in construction. But you can use my wood anytime.
I need to report for your building and safety violations. Because you are too hot for this construction site.
I’m gonna take out my hammer and nail myself to your heart.
Is it just me or are there actual sparks between the two of us?
Is that a skyscraper building or are you just pleased to see me?
Is this building sprinklered? Because you are on fire.
Let's take this relationship from concept to construction.
Missing a stud? I got wood for you.
So how are we splitting the construction costs? Cause you just shattered the ceiling of beauty.
Together we will build a high rise.
You must be a roadside-construction worker. Because you're double-fine.
You should work at a construction site. Because that smile could light a place up.
You steel my heart.
Babe your ride won't start? I can service you with some fuel injection.
Babe, can I be your mechanic? Because I am want to go under you and get dirty.
Babe, do you know I am a mechanic? I know how to work those nuts & bolts to get you moving.
Babe, I will put some spark plug into you to get you hot.
Babe, this mechanic will surely satisfy you. Because we are amazing to deal with small spots under the hood.
Babe, you a mechanic? Because you could blow my seals any night.
Baby! You blow my fuses.
Before I start working on your car, I need to pop your hood and check your fluids.
Do you know mechanics make great friends with benefits? Because we screw, nut, and bolt.
Do you know that I am a mechanic? I wouldn't mind changing your fluids.
Do you need your car fixed? I can pick you up.
Get blown by the best.
Girl need a mechanic? I will put some oil inside you to loosen you up.
Girl you mechanic? Because you got my engine overheating.
Girl, are you a mechanic? Because you just give my ride a tune up and lubrication inside my pants.
Girl, do you check your fluids often? Put your lipstick on my dipstick.
Girl, I am a mechanic and I want to work my car in your garage tonight.
Girl, I am a mechanic. And I know how to jack you up and make you feel alright.
Girl, where we going, you do not need no brake. We are going all the way till we come.
Girl, you hand turns my wheels.
Girl, you so hot I would port 'n polish both your intake and exhaust manifolds
Hey babe, I’ll be your mechanic if you’ll be my ride.
Hey girl you must be a mechanic. Because looking at you is repairing my broken heart.
How about I shift my wrench into something else.
How about we go to my garage and see what's under the hood.
I am a mechanic. I will rotate your tires and give you a full service to get you humming on the road.
I just need to plug your gap.
I need to inspect your drive tunnel.
I'd like to put my piston in your cylinder.
I'm a mechanic. Your ex broke your smile. I can fix it if you would let me.
I'm no mechanic but I totally would like to oil your piston.
Nice steering rack.
Wanna free lube job?
Who needs oil when you’re naturally charged?
Would you like to lubricate my camshaft?
You got a broken car? I will fix it so it could ride to your broken heart.
You must be a mechanic. Because you sure know how to crank my shaft.
You need some lubricant. I am a mechanic and I can check out your fluid level with my dipstick.
Your dad must have been a mechanic, because you've got a nicely tuned body.
Are you a plumber? Because I am getting wet for you.
Are you a plumber? Because I need you to come fix this leak.
Are you a plumber? Because I need you to pump and clean my pipes.
Are you crying? Babe, I am a plumber, and I will fix your tears from your beautiful eye fixtures.
Are you dripping wet? Because I will plug your itch tonight.
Are you happy to see me or are those pipes in your pants.
Babe, by the time I am done with you. You will have a jump in your water meter.
Babe, don't leave me out by the curb stop, I want to connect my supply line into you.
Babe, how about some real head instead of a shower head.
Babe, I see our point of connection.
Call me a plumber. Because I never fail at laying some pipe.
Can I screw and tighten you ? You seem to be at a high potential.
Can I tinker with your pipes?
Do you know why women call me the plumber. Because of how well I lay the pipe down.
Do you need a handyman? I am a plumber who could use my pipes & wrenches.
Forget about your ex, it's time for some serious repiping.
Girl you wet? I will fix your drips tonight.
Girl, feel free to get down to access my pipes.
Girl, I got the wrenches. And I want to connect my pipes to your leaks tonight.
Girl, I would tap your water line any day.
Girl, this pipe doesn't fix itself. It's time for you to give it a hand job.
Girl, you got a clogged line? I know the perfect way to snake your drain.
Girl, you so hot, you extend my pipes.
Girl, you turn me into a spray hose.
Girl, your fixtures need my caulking.
How about I fully extended my snakes and see how far we could go down tonight.
How about we do my pipe cleaning & your drain cleaning at the same time.
I am a plumber, and I want to tap into your existing water line.
I am a plumber, because babe you are gonna get piped.
I am a plumber, I know how to deal with all kinds of liquids.
I do all my plumbing, I know how to pump and flush some pipes.
I don't normally plunge into a relationship, but tonight I'll make an exception.
I hope you’re a plumber. Because you’ve got my pipe leaking.
I know plumbing babe, want to see how my water can move inside you.
I lay pipes the right way.
I may not look it, but I got the pipe to connect the water main into your life.
I see our futures in some quick connect fittings.
I suck at plumbing, I always make woman's small leak into big squirt.
I wanna flush your pipes, baby.
I want my pipes through your O-ring.
I’m a plumber. I can get down and dirty with you fast, and I will fix all of your leaks.
If my pipes don't fit, we could always add more lubricant.
I'm a plumber, and I can clean your pipes all day.
I'm not an expert in plumbing, but I know that you'd be able to tighten my nuts.
Nice fixtures.
Ready? The water is cumming.
Repiping is easy, I will have to run through my pipes inside your walls.
Tonight was almost down the drain… until you walked in.
Wanna see my plunger?
You are the perfect handle. Babe I will turn your squirt on tonight.
You have just the joint I need.
You make me flushed.
Your nipples are the perfect fit for my nuts and pipes.
A girlfriend is like a good carpenter. No wood gets wasted.
Are you a carpenter? Because when you came in the room it became beautiful.
Are you a carpenter? Because you look like a wood worker.
Are you a carpenter? Because you're giving me wood!
Babe I am the best carpenter, I know how to hammer, screw, and nail.
Babe, are you superstitious? Because I foretell that you will knock on wood tonight.
Babe, I am a carpenter and I know how to make you perfect. Are you board?
Babe, I am a carpenter who builds stairs. I always think a step ahead.
Babe, I'll drill you first then nail you good.
Baby I’m a carpenter. Let’s build a relationship in my shop.
Do you want a drink? I'll get hammered and you will get nailed.
Gare are you a carpenter, because you made my hotdog stand.
Girl are you a carpenter, because you work my wood into timber.
Girl are you a carpenter? Because those are sweet legs you got.
Hey baby are you a Carpenter? You are someone I could build a home with.
Hey carpenter, I'm hammered. Want to nailed me?
Hey girl, are you a carpenter? Because you just made a banana stand out of my wood.
Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.
I am a carpenter, I want to nail you.
I am a carpenter, I want to put my wood on your carpets.
I am a good carpenter, I can nail you any time, and I promise I won't screw up
I guess you're a carpenter now gurl. Because you just saw my wood stash.
I know how to use my tools. My favorite is hammer screw driver.
You’re a carpenter’s wet dream–flat as a board and easy to nail.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Are you a lifeguard because you look like you can save me from falling into this pool of love?
Are you a lifeguard, you be Wendy and I be Squints.
Are you a lifeguard? Will you pee on me because I just got stinged by a jellyfish.
Are you CPR? Because I'm not going to stop doing you until EMS arrives.
Are you my life jacket or my lifeguard because you saved me from this vicious current of life?
Are you my lifeguard who will rescue me from the strong currents in life?
Are you the shallow end? Because I want to put my kids in you.
Are you the splash-and-dash because you’ve got my heart beating.
Babe, I know how to blow life into you.
Can I see your tan lines?
Can you please call the lifeguards! Because I m drowning in your eyes!
Can you save me, my dear lifeguard, from drowning further into your beauty and grace?
Coast Guard regulations, Miss - I have to inspect you.
Do you believe in love at first CPR, or should I drown myself again?
Do you know the #1 skill of lifeguard, the ability to pull out to save a life.
Don’t worry, I know mouth to mouth.
Don't worry baby I know the rear rescue approach.
Girl do you want to see this lifeguard in action? I can last 20 minutes in any position.
Girl, I am a lifeguard, being unconscious is implied consent.
Hear that? The beach wants you to join me for a drink.
Hey babe, wanna see my rescue tube?
Hey girl am I gonna need a swim test for that pussy?
Hey girl, are you a swimming pool? Because I legally can't take my eyes off you and I can dive into you anytime.
Hey girl, wanna play lifeguard? I'll be your whistle and you can blow me all day.
Hey girl, wanna play lifeguard? I'll be your whistle and you can blow me all day.
Hey girl, you need a private lifeguard for your bathtub? Dont worry, I'm always ready to jump in and do mouth to mouth if you need me to.
Hey Lifeguard....swim over here and ride my wave.
Hi Im a lifeguard.
I am a lifeguard and the Red Cross has certified me as a fully trained love machine. Would you like any lessons?
I am thinking of skinny dipping in the pool with the most beautiful lifeguard in the world.
I got something that could use a little resuscitation.
I keep people safe everyday in the water, but I can protect you for the rest of my life.
I sized up the scene and let me tell you.... The bottom check was good.
I want to be practice CPR on you tonight - even though you are not a plastic CPR dummy.
I want to be the lifeguard that will save your gorgeous smile from drowning in the sea of pain.
I want to watch the stunning golden sunsets with the most beautiful lifeguard like you forever.
I’ll front drive you all night baby.
I’ll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I’m not a CPR dummy, but I’d let you practice some mouth-to-mouth.
I’m not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
If I can't have you, life isn't worth guarding.
If thick thighs save lives then you must be the lifeguard at swim lessons.
I'm not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
Is it hot out here, or is it just you?
It's a good thing I'm certified for emergency oxygen because you take my breath away.
Just call, I will go wherever you and save you from the forbidding waves of sorrow.
Keep calm and kiss a lifeguard.
Let me show you my action in large groups while being half naked.
Lifeguard: don't stop, can't stop, save lives.
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Save a whistle, blow a lifeguard.
The piers isn't the only thing that's hard.
Will you help anchor my lifeguard tower by sitting on my lap?
You are going to be fired if the manager found out that you are drowning me in your love.
You are my guardian angel with a pair of gorgeous eyes and pretty sun-kissed skin.
You are the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You make me feel like I want a personal emergency!
You must be a lifeguard, because you could do CPR after you take my breath away.
You must have received Red Cross lifeguarding training because I was drowning until you arrived.
Am I a magician? Because I'm about to make your virginity DISAPPEAR!
Are you a magician. Because you made my v card disappear.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look into your eyes, everyone else suddenly disappears.
Are you a magician? Because you just stopped my heart and time altogether.
Are you ready for a bit of magic.
Babe, are you a magician? Because you just turned my entire deck into hearts.
Babe, I am a magician, and I got the best finger work to play both on stage and in bed.
Babe, I am a magician, because I can steal your heart without you realizing it.
Babe, I am ready to push all my magical seeds into you.
Babe, I never believed in magic until I met you tonight.
Babe, I want to get some of that split spades.
Babe, you make me feel magical tonight. And I want to return that magic inside you.
Check out my deck, because you won't see normal down there.
Did you hear about my perverted magician trick? I pulled my d out of a gina.
Do you feel the magic between us? If not maybe I need to wave my wand again.
Do you want to become my magician assistant? I will make you disappear and reappear on my bed.
For my next trick, I will make you fall in love with me.
Girl are you a magician? Because ABBRA KA DAMN!
Girl do you want to be a magician's assistant? Because I want to penetrate you with my big sword.
Girl you want to learn magic? I can give you my magical tips.
Girl, I got the perfect magic trick, instead of reaching for bunny, how about I reach for pussy?
Girl, I want to take you on my magical ride tonight.
Girl, you make tonight magical.
Grab my deck and you will surely pick up ace in my pants.
Hold on to these balls for me.
How did you do it girl? You appeared and took my breath away.
I ain't no magician. But I'll still take you apart in bed
I can make my fingers disappear. Inside you.
I don't make love, I make magic.
I'd palm that ass of yours.
I'm a magician, If you want to see I can turn you from a virgin to a real woman.
I'm a magician. I can make your clothes disappear with just a kiss.
I'm gonna Buck you. Andthensome.
Is your dad a magician? He just made my future a reality.
Kiss my ace.
My favorite trick is to make bras disappear, girl I need to show you how I do it.
My sleight of hand doesn't just impress, it also pleasures.
Out of all my tricks, loving you is my only classic act.
So... wanna pick my pocket?
Touch my wand.
Wanna get slapped by my deck?
Want a close-up performance of my magic wand?
Want to help break in my deck?
Want to see a magic trick?
Want to see my very long ANACONDA with your own EYE?
Watch my pen penetrate your dollar bill.
When we kiss, I will start believing in magic.
Would you mind if i thirst my dark magician’s staff deep down inside your dark hole?
Yes, I’m a magician. Watch me make your clothes disappear.
You make my card rise.
You wanna memorize my deck?
You’re my magic. And you are my first act. Let's do it.
Your beauty is magical.
After all the dimensionality reduction, I just know that you are the only one for me.
Are you data? Because I would like to visualization you in the rawest form.
Are you data? Data Mine?
Are you ready for some ensemble methods with me tonight with some Natural Language Processing with tongue action.
Are you unstructured data? Because I think I am the only one who can make sense out of you.
Babe are you data? Because I sure want to manipulate and study ways to pleasure you.
Babe, are you data? The only pattern I recognize is how hot you are.
Babe, my bed is totally open source to you tonight.
Babe, tell me about yourself, and I can soon build a predictive model around you.
Do you have a database? Because I want to import and insert my entry into you.
Forget about machine learning, let's do it the old fashioned way.
Girl, I am a data scientist, and I need more data from you. What is your number?
Girl, I need all of your data so that I can fit you into my database.
Girl, I would like to go Deep Learning inside you tonight.
Girl, I would love to data mine you tonight.
Girl, would you be my statistically significant other?
Girl, you do not need to cross-validate me, because for sure I will over-fit you.
Hey girl, by the time you are done with me I will sure raise your average.
I am a data scientist. My specialty? I got PYTHON in my pants.
I am so excited to see you, the only trends in my pants is up.
I do not need no risk analysis to know that you are the perfect decision for me tonight.
I got some data in my pants, time for you to be Data-Driven.
I know correlation is not causation, but babe you made my mind go wild.
I need to know your standard deviation. Should I use the bootstrap?
I should run K means on our profiles. You are I are meant to be together.
Let's go clustering together in bed.
No more data tonight, just a good date with me.
The only crowdsource I want is you.
Want to have some collaborative research tonight?
You are the only one for me, because all of my data point to you.
You got some data, I have some data. Let's see how our databases can form relationship tonight.
You got the totally unique fingerprint in my database.
You know if you were an algorithm, you would totally be a CLASSification algorithm.
All conversion paths lead to you.
All I think all day is how your name fits in my broad match keywords.
All my dating campaigns have been worthwhile because I have reached you.
Allocate me in your budget, and I will give you the highest return of affection spend.
Are you a micro influencer? Because you got the power to convert.
Are you a part of the in-market segment? Because I am the perfect guy.
Are you an influencer? Because you have made quite the impression.
Are you Shopify? Because I want to explore all of your plugins.
Babe, you have clickbaited me at first sight.
Babe, your optimization score is 10.0.
Baby, I can’t opt you out of my mind.
Baby, you can give me a call-to-action anytime
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I start another session?
Do you care about frequency or recency? Because I can do you as often as you need, and as soon as you need it.
Do you have a privacy policy? Cause I’d love to see your fine print.
Do you prefer cross-selling or upselling? Because I can satisfy all of your whole body needs.
Do you prefer engaging with my post or clicking my links?
Do you want a piece of this cookie? Because I would follow you everywhere.
Girl are you a smart ad campaign, because I sure think that you are worth every penny.
Girl are you into multichannel approach? Because I would like to enter you in as many ways as I can.
Girl, are you a online shopping cart that I have abandoned? Because I am seeing you everywhere.
Girl, I don’t need to do any A/B testing with you.
Girl, once I hit your landing page, I will never want to leave your site.
Girl, you are the only exact match that I need.
Girl, you got a sweet reach.
Hey girl, if you were a piece of content, I wouldn’t want to share you with anyone.
How would you like to make a 100% deliverability rate to my heart?
I am in love with you at your title and description.
I don’t need to look at more data. What I’m feeling with you is already statistically significant.
I don't know who you are, but I know you are hot and single. So I will find you and retarget you.
I found you on my “qualified” email list, does that mean we can skip the foreplay?
I love you like a marketer loves reporting.
I will never abandon your shopping cart.
I’d convert on your landing pages anytime.
I’d like to see if your spam can make it through my filter
I’m not saying I’m a sure thing, but in the last 2 weeks my pants have a 100% open rate
If men were landing pages, I’d only want to convert on you.
If you give me your email address, I’ll give you an open rate you will enjoy.
If you take me out for a romantic dinner I’ll guarantee a good ROI.
If you were a piece of content, I wouldn't share you with anyone else.
Is that a Call To Action in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Just give me a call to action button, and I will provide you with a customer of a lifetime value.
Just like your paid search campaign, you’ve made quite the impression on me.
Me without you is like a marketer without analytics…lost, visionless, and confused.
My love for you is an endless session duration.
My love for you is like an infinite scroll…it’s never-ending.
My reach is wide and deep, do you want a taste?
No attribution model could ever explain how you got to be so beautiful.
Now I see why unicorns follow you everywhere…because you are a perfect quality score of 10.
Optin to my bed, and I will show you a great user experience.
So, what is the top conversion path to get you scream in bed?
Talking to you is as easy broad match keyword targeting.
There is no frequency cap on how often I think about you.
Too soon? Maybe I will retarget you at another time.
Want to see how far my deep linking goes?
What do you say we bounce like a bad email?
What do you say we opt-out of here and opt back to my place?
When I look at you, I want to share more than revenue.
When ours eyes met, we had a 100% click rate.
Where is the Like button for your smile?
You are much better than jailbait, you are my clickbait.
You are my final URL.
You could spam me all night and I still wouldn’t unsubscribe.
You don’t have to leave that ad blocker on for me, because babe, we are exact matches.
You got my conversion at first sight.
You got the online coupon to my heart.
You make a great first impression, but what I really want to know is your click through rate
You must be a paid search expert, because your cookies keep me coming back for more.
You must be a social marketer…cause I would swipe right on you any day.
You must be an inbound marketer…cause you sure attracted me!
You’re really into PPC? What a coincidence; I’m really into PVC
You’re so beautiful; you don’t even need an Instagram filter.
Your beauty deserves Likes, shares, comments, and more.
A good SEO can deal with both the frontend and the backend, want to see how I do it?
All the redirect chains in life lead back straight to you.
Are you a featured snippet? Because I have stopped searching for the answer.
Are you a landing page? Because you just give me a call-to-action.
Are you the next Google Update? Because I hear you will be coming soon.
Babe, I can canonicalize every part of you all night long.
Babe, your juice is much better than any link juice.
Baby got back link.
Can we do some link building campaign exchange in private?
Do you believe in link love at first site, or should I refresh my browser?
Do you have a sitemap? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you like your keywords broad or long tail? Because I got the best of both worlds.
Do you prefer the mobile experience in the car or the desktop experience in my bed?
Do you prefer to fetch or render?
For you, I would scroll to the end of the SERPs.
Girl did you hack my search results? Because all the SERP redirects to you.
Girl if you do not set a crawl budget with me tonight, I will crash your server in bed.
Girl you got great coverage, I would love to submit and index you.
Girl you so hot, you just gave me a FID (First Input Delay) under 100ms.
Girl you so sexy, I got a huge CLS (Cumulative Layoutshift) below the fold.
Girl, no matter how the algorithm changes, you will always be my number 1.
Girl, you are the only parameter that get indexed in my heart.
Girl, you just made the perfect link buliding campaign in my pants.
Girl, you just uncompressed my Gzip resource.
How would you like to make a 301 redirect to my heart?
I am a mobile-friendly website, you can use me anywhere any time.
I can do more than just trimming your content. Let's merge the best part of us together.
I can do more than simple SEO. I prefer the omnichannel approach to enter you in different ways.
I can see us together in the next generation image.
I have finally found my link to you, and that anchor text is 'Soul Mate'
I think I’d be a good return on your investment.
I’ve been looking at the analytics, and I’d like to make you my landing page.
If I were Google, I would definitely rank you #1 for 'beautiful.'
If you let me be your googlebot, I'll crawl you all night long.
If you like it, then you should’ve put a link on it.
Is that a bump in your traffic? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a SERP in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Leave with me right now, and I will audit your site and give you a private consultation.
Let me structure your data.
Let’s move this conversation out of beta.
My domain will never expire for you.
My heart had been a 404 all my life. Until I 301 to you, and I become a 200.
My last love 404'd me, so I want to 301 to you.
My title tag is available.
Once you get a taste of my link juice, you will never want another link.
People just notice your title and descriptions, but I check out your entire body content.
Ready for a deepcrawl?
Search here often?
So you use Screaming frog? Invite me to your room, I will show you the real screaming frog.
So, what is your alrogorithm and factors to rank the number 1 lover.
What is your average position?
When I searched your name, I found that people also ask why is your name so beautiful.
Would you like to subscribe to my feed?
You are so beautiful just gave my mind a 5xx error.
You are the world to me, you are the LCP (Largest Contentful Paint) of the club.
You can manage my tags any day.
You have given me the semRush.
You know what is longer than this long URL? Mine…
You know what makes me better than everyone else? People say I provide great user experience.
You must be an SEO expert, because you rank #1 on my list.
You must be banned from Google because it’s blackhat to look that good.
You rank first on my personalized search results.
You've got my favorite body type, heavy above the fold.
Are you a property inspector? Because you are checking me out.
Baby, I'm not asking your for an easement, just a mere right of recreation and amusement.
Baby, I’ve been inspecting your assets all day!
Come into my office and let's take a look at the listings.
Does the house come with mitochondria? Because my power house is producing a lot of energy.
Does this room smell like chloroform to you?
For you, I'm willing to break all the Code of Ethics.
Hello my sexy single neighbor. Would you like to "Combination"?
Hey girl, you might not realize, but you have a lien on my heart.
Hey, baby. Are you looking for property? Because I'm a real estate agent and I've got an opening on "Boner Street."
Home is not a place. It's a feeling. I can give you both.
Housing market goes up and down. Service stays forever.
I love you more than I love referrals...
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'm an appraiser and I'm here to tell you – you are priceless.
I'm sorry, but I'm required by law to disclosure how beautiful you are.
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
Kissing is like real estate. The most important thing is location, location, location.
Let me help you sniff out your next home. I've got all the qualifications.
Let's make it official and close the escrow.
Love is buying your first home together.
Meeting you is like how home buyers feel when they get the keys!
My heart has full occupancy with you in my life.
Now those are some tangible assets!
Please say it again: how long is the escrow?
Talking to you makes me feel like a first time homebuyer – nervous and excited.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
There is an open house tomorrow. I can give you a private tour tonight.
Wanna talk about our Private Mortgage Insurance?
What a beautiful staging. I want to bang you on every piece of furniture.
With a frame and facade like that, you’re Class A in my book!
Would you let me holding period you forever?
You be my #1 client, and I’ll always respond to your requests and keep satisfaction high.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy real estate, and that's kind of the same thing.
You know realtors are very strong. We can flip a house.
You must have many tenants… because you had no trouble attracting me.
You should just provide a full disclosure up front, because you are flawless.
You’re more than just a piece of property.
A portrait of you will need no photoshop at all.
Adobe should've called it InDesire.
Are you a serif font, or are you just happy to see me?
Baby got batch.
Baby I want to have you liquefy my tool!
Baby, lets hide some layers and then play with my brush tool
Baby, you must be a printer’s proof, because everyone else here is just a copy of you.
Bartender, a Distilled Postscript here for my new friend.
Before you came along, I was just Lipsum. With you, I’d be real content.
Before you were mine, everything was grayscale, but now I see the world in CMYK.
Can I Ctrl+O your blouse and Ctrl+S this moment forever?
Can I select your area with my magic wand?
Come back to my place and I’ll show you a really naughty way to fill up some negative space.
Do you want to touch my Bézier curves?
Dreamweaver... I believe you can get me through the ni-ight.
First I think I'll stroke your curve, then I'd like to fill you.
Futura generations will speak of our romance.
Got more cheese? Share it!
Has anybody ever told you that your teeth have perfect kerning?
Hey girl  I bought Photoshop for the Magic Wand Tool 'cause I wanna make you my selection.
Hey girl I'd like to see twenty four frames of you per second.
Hey girl you shine so bright I need to change my ISO to 100.
How many levels of progressive disclosure is that dress?
I am a nudity photographer, would you like to be my model for the night?
I couldn’t help but notice your eye path went right to my smudge stick.
I dig your look and feel.
I hate Comic Sans too... wanna dance?
I just want to get the Helvetica out of here and run away with you.
I know just how you fill.
I like my fonts sans-serif, and you sans-pants.
I like to be touched...and re-touched
I want to live life with you to the fullest resolution (300 dpi).
I wish I had an Eyedropper to capture the color of your eyes.
I would love it if you Felt my Marker.
I wouldn't hit Ctrl+Z after a night with you.
I’m just like a global nav; I love to be on top.
I'd like to Ctrl+Z your pants . . .
If I hit Shift + [ will it increase the hardness of your brush?
If I went to a stock photography site and typed in the keyword: “sexy”, I bet there’d be a picture of you.
If only Helvetica Neue what I would like to do to you...
If our love continues on this vector, it will only grow without loss of quality or clarity.
If you bring the tool, I’ll bring the color palette.
If you left me, I would be cropped and have bleeds for you.
If you like what you see now, wait’ll you look below the fold.
If you were a logo, it would be for a really premium brand.
I'll make your clothes 0% opacity.
I'm hotter than Yuri Arcurs.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm sorry, is my div tag open?
Is that Content Aware Scaling or are you just happy to see me?
Just looking at you from across the bar, I could tell you display high Brightness and Vibrance, and have multiple Layers.
Let’s “Skip Intro” and just go find a hotel room right now.
Let's crop out your boyfriend and play with my tool
Let's get dirty
Let's go to bed and do the baseline shift.
Lets go to my Creative Suite and have some hex. #696969 is my best.
Lets say you and me meet up sometime, and I can do your frontend AND your backend.
Mind if I perform a press check on you?
Mind if I put some transparencies on your clothes?
Mind if I take you for a usability test?
My favorite is #11. Great list!
My Haus or your Haus?
My heart was still like a .jpg. When you entered the room, it was as animated as a .gif. I want everything to be as transparent as a .png between us.
My parents are from Pakistan and Latin America... that makes me Palatino.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Our love can cross the Universe.
Our love is Avant Garde.
Sorry for staring, I thought your face was a work of art. May I capture it with my camera?
They will etch our love in Papyrus.
We can weather anything, because our love is Copperplated.
What if I told you the fly on my legs opens quicker than a 500kb JPEG file?
What Pantone are your underwear?
When I saw you, I had an Akzidenz Grotesk in my pants.
When I serve you breakfast in bed tomorrow, would you like your coffee with cream and sugar, or do you prefer it #000?
With you, I'd never stop().
Would you be interested in exploring a figure/ground relationship?
Would you like to lorem ipsum dolor sit on my lap?
You are one hot Firefox... how about some Private Browsing?
You can adjust my curves any day.
You give Neue meaning to the word Layout!!!
You know the hotkey to my Magic Wand Tool.
You look perfectly put together. Do you display this well in IE?
You must be an photographer, because you have capture my heart.
You put the ho in Hoefler.
You're so fine, you must be 1px.
You're turning my descender into an ascender.
You've got lovely #00FFFF eyes.
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
Baby your like a teacher and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Baby, I know my math, and you’ve one significant figure.
Bet I can pick you up. (Gym Teacher)
Care to evaluate each other?
Care to take a spin in my Pinto?
Carry your bookbag?
drop and give me 69 (Gym Teacher)
Ever hear of dodgeball? (Gym Teacher)
Feel free to pee in the pool, I'll deal with it later. (Gym Teacher)
Gosh... I thought you were a student!
Hey girl, you have the highest tolerance for organized chaos of anyone I know.
Hey girl, you really rocked that new seating arrangement – way to separate the talkers.
Hey girl! From now on your IEPs will be done by elves, calories don’t count, and i’ll stay up late to help you color code data. Just thought you should know.
Hey girl! I know Mondays are hard, but you can get through it. Teach on girl.
Hey girl! I like my women how I like my bulletin boards. Bright, engaging and well-informed.
Hey girl! If I had to write a report card on you, I'd give you straight F’s….for Fabulous
Hey girl! It’s ok to use a stick day just for your own mental health.
Hey girl! That lesson ran bell-to-bell and included a motivation, whole class and group activities, higher order questioning, and a meaningful summary? Your organizational skills are out of this world.
Hey girl! Wine on a school night. Let me pour you a glass.
Hey girl! You really rocked that new seating arrangement-way to separate the walkers.
Hey teacher! You reached students on a whole new level when you incorporated film into the curriculum. Let’s turn on a movie and try out a new learning style.
Hey wanna sign my yearbook with you big pen.
Hey, meet me round the back for a home run. And this time, I won't get caught out. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it's time for handball lessons. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it’s time for handball lessons.
How about a little HANDS ON, sweetie?
How about I drop and give you 5 and a half? (Gym Teacher)
I am gonna do anything to get an A.
I am weak in studying but you can punish me hard as you can.
I can help you feel the burn (Gym Teacher)
I didn’t know angels were allowed in public schools.
I do an early practice at 5am, if you want to come over, I can make you breakfast..
I'm ADD....want to help me relax?
I’ve been a naughty school boy. You should teach me a lesson.
If I were a math teacher, I’d say that one plus two equals me and you!
If you were my homework I’d slam you down on my desk and do you!
Is that a pen in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is there a science classroom nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
Let's do committee sometime!
Meet me in the shed to grab the balls. (Gym Teacher)
Nice tackle. (Gym Teacher)
NOBODY diagrams a sentence like you, baby!
Shall we go to the mixed showers? (Gym Teacher)
Substitute teacher: "does your normal teacher let you do that?"
Take a lap (Gym Teacher)
Teams will be red helmets vs blue helmets, come to my office to play against the purple helmet. (Gym Teacher)
That's not rope burn (Gym Teacher)
There's more than one thing resembling a horse in here. One's a piece of gym apparatus and one's in my pants. (Gym Teacher)
Think you're out of breath and sweaty now? You will be soon. (Gym Teacher)
Wanna climb my rope? (Gym Teacher)
We’re going to find out if 35 goes into 16.
What's a pretty lady like you doing in a lunchroom like this?
Who wants to play dodgeball (Gym Teacher)
You have the cutest little chalk chuck!
You work hard and make a difference take some time for yourself. Your students will understand.
All this corporate giving is getting me hot under the collar-you?
All this problem solving has me wanting to create problems.
Any chance you’d be interested in drilling down with me?
Are you from accounting? Because I was ac-counting on seeing you later.
Are you good with Excel? Then you must be good at spreadsheets.
Are you interested in managing my account?
At the office copy machine "Reproducing eh?" "Can I help?"
Baby, you can give me a call-to-action anytime.
Can I borrow a pen? I need it to write down your number when I ask you for it later today because I didn't want to look it up in the employee directory.
Can I expense you a drink?
Can I see the inside of your cubicle?
Can you assist me with this insertion order?
Can you file a workplace safety incident report? I just fell for you.
Can you help me figure out my operating system?
Come here often? Every day? From 9 to 5? Yeah, I guess that is often.
Do you have a privacy policy? Because I’d love to see your fine print.
Do you have the Wi-Fi password — because I'm feeling this connection.
Don’t feel like you have to go this alone, we can tag team.
Enterprise this.
Forecasting is for people who can’t live in the moment.
Hard cover briefcases are so much better.
How about we slip out of these suits and into something a little more casual Friday?
How would you like to make a 301 redirect to my heart?
I am feeling this burn rate in many places.
I bet it was your hotness that caused today's mandatory fire drill.
I can tell you’re a team player.
I can't erase you from my memory. (Office Supply – USB)
I don’t believe in automation, I am all hands on.
I don’t need to look at more data. What I’m feeling with you is already statistically significant.
I don’t think you and I will need any troubleshooting.
I love you like a marketer loves reporting.
I make small cubicles fun.
I may not be the most handsome guy using the copier, but right now, I'm the only one making you wait for it.
I was thinking about you during that entire conference call.
I would be happy to be your human resource.
I would like to put your consulting expertise to good use.
I would wager that two self-starters like ourselves would have a good time together.
I’d like to make you my feature PowerPoint presentation.
I’m not into cold-call sales, but I’d love to have your number.
If I told you, you had a nice pipeline, would you hold it against me?
If men were landing pages, I'd only want to convert on you.
If we went on a date, what do you think our profit and loss would be?
If you were Microsoft Office, I would totally Access you.
In all the power meetings I’ve ever been to, this room is one of the hottest…for real, it’s hot.
Instead of all these policies and procedures, let’s visit the idea of free will.
Is that low-hanging fruit or are you just happy to see me?
Just like your paid search campaign, you’ve made quite the impression on me.
Let’s do this, but in real time.
Let’s get out from under this fluorescent lighting and find somewhere more comfortable.
Let’s give you a skills analysis.
Me without you is like a marketer without analytics. Lost, visionless, and confused.
My account is totally receivable.
Now, when you say “team building retreats,” what does that mean to you?
Performance evaluations are my favorite day of the year.
Realizing we’re working on a timeline, how much time do we have to get to know each other?
Risk management just sounds like something so clandestine!
Should we debrief?
Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, “Am I a profit or a loss?” Now which one are you?
The best part of this acquisition is you.
The first time I saw you, there was only word that came to mind-benchmark.
The only thing dirtier than those dishes is how much I want to — oh, wait, no, those are really dirty.
There’s nothing like a little file maintenance to keep you on your toes.
Want to play a little document distribution strip poker?
What do you say we bounce like a bad email?
What do you say we opt-out of here and opt-in to my jacuzzi?
What do you say we wrap up this blog post back at my place?
Where else can you employ that analytical ability?
Who needs a financial analysis when I know exactly where to put my money.
You are a cut above rest. (Office Supply – Scissors)
You are just "write" for me. (Office Supply – Pen)
You are the highlight of my day. (Office Supply – Highlighter)
You could spam me all night and I still wouldn’t unsubscribe.
You don’t need a high level of core competency to know that you’re a catch.
You look like a woman in business. (Why?) Because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be an inbound marketer … cause you sure attracted me!
You say accelerated growth, I just say hot.
You say there is little margin for errors but I disagree.
You won’t be needing an expense report tonight.
You're like a style guide. You add consistency to my life.
You’ve been running through my invoices all night.
Your customer interface is impressive.
Your eyes are as intriguing as a good biz dev strategy.
Your methodology is so smooth and deliberate.
After a little restructuring let's just I'd rate you a buy all day
Allow me to introduce myself: I am "borrower," and you must be "lender."
Baby, I love you so much I'm willing to forgo my exit option.
Baby, the way you support free markets stimulates growth in my private sector!
Baby, you're not an option... you're totally a future!
Before we do this I have to ask, what sort of tail risk am I looking at?
Bottom up or top down?
Call me your mutual fund, honey. Because with you, I'm showing interest.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Come into my office and let's take a look at your statements.
Did I tell you I'm filthy rich and my mother's dead?
Did you just rob a bank cuz I can be your getaway.
Do you have a bank account? You must! Im saving all my love for you.
Do you like to role play? I'll be the banking industry and you can play the American people.
Future projections put you at overweight but I'm still saying buy tonight
Girl you are so hot you are like my LBO MODEL
Girl, are you a stock? Because you sure like bouncing a lot!
Good thing I just bought term life insurance… because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Hey girl, would you be receptive to my takeover bid?
Hey there, can I WACC you off?
I have a feeling you really understand the "nature of the firm."
I have a small penis, but a big bank account.
I have an emergency fund and I want to spend a little on you.
I hope I haven't given you the wrong impression. I'm actually taller and richer than I look.
I hope you're a bear, because I'm going to go down on you.
I just bought a bass boat with cash … and it's a good thing, because you're quite a catch!
I never co-sign anything. But I'd love to co-sign your marriage license.
I think you'll find the delta between myself and others to be significant
I want to restructure you
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'd like to get you and your friends together for a comparable analysis
I'll be your credit if you'll be my debit.
I'll be your debit if you'll be my credit.
I'll reveal my preferences if you will.
I'll show you my forecast...if you'll show me yours.
I'm what they call a deep value investor, with an eye for "special situations"
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd be in a higher tax bracket.
Is that your pocket calculator or are you just pleased to see me?
Is your credit score bad? Because you look like a 10 to me!
Let's get this IPO off the ground. Initial Penetration of the Opening, that is.
Let's go make some statements together
Let's go to bed and try to disprove the law of diminishing marginal utility.
Let's just say I've been with models before and know all about their sensitivity tables..
Now those are some tangible assets!
Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. I am DEBT FREE! Now I can afford you!
The good news? I'm debt-free. The better news? I'm also date-free.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
Wanna talk about our private goods?
When I saw you, my jaw dropped like the value of a new car!
Why am I nervous about talking to you? Because you're better than I deserve.
You look like a successful business woman, because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be fiscally irresponsible because I'm feeling inflationary pressure in my pants.
You seem nice, I just want to make sure you aren't one of those FIFO guys
You're a hot commodity.
You're an economist. I'm an economist. How about a little horizontal integration?
You're finer than the print on my credit card statement.
You're my very favorite kind of moral hazard.
You're so hot you could melt my debt snowball.
You've got the curves to supply my demand!
Are you a campfire? Because your quotes are hot and I want s’more.
Are you going to schedule a meeting with me, or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you insured for sex?
Be my Beneficiary!
Can I take your picture to prove to my coworkers that perfection does exist?
Did you list “boxer” as your occupation? Because you’re a knockout client.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or do you want to see that quote again?
Do you have car insurance? Because I never take it slow and I'd totally wreck you.
Do you have pet insurance? because i'm about to smash your pussy.
Do you like cats? Because your medical history is puurrrrfect.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because your script check was flawless.
Don’t lie on your personal history interview. You wouldn’t want to mess with perfection.
Dr. Phil thinks you’re afraid of commitment. Sign here and let’s prove him wrong.
Excuse me, I think I dropped something. Oh, wait. Nope, that’s just your premium.
Good thing I just bought term life insurance, because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Guy: Does your ass have Allstate insurance? Girl: No, why? Guy: Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Hey baby, I can put you on my health insurance policy.
I hope you have insurance on that body, because you just put a dent in my pants.
I like Legos. You like Legos. Let’s build a relationship.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your insurance dreams come true.
I might have to ask you to leave my office. You’re making my other clients look bad.
I was blinded by your beauty so I’m going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I will held liable for all bodily injury or property damage.
I would love to speak with you regarding your insurance just before you die; when will that be?
I’ll be the Dairy Queen and you’ll be the Burger King. I’ll treat you right and we can do it your way — the application, I mean.
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but I sell disability insurance for a living.
I’m sure you get this all the time, but you look a lot like my next client.
If you fall for me, this DI will support you.
Is your last name Campbell? Because this medical history is “mmm…mmm good!”
Is your last name Gillette? Because you’re the best an agent can get.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but you don’t need disability insurance, right?
Let's go to my office and go over some claims.
Let's make it official and finally get that certificate... of insurance.
Life without DI would be like a broken pencil: pointless.
Maybe we should talk about life insurance before it's too late.
Movie stars give thousands of signatures a day. All I’m asking for is just one from you.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you to meet this week?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress, which in turn can cause severe medical problems. So before you turn me down, let’s a get a disability insurance policy in place.
Some doctors might say you’re afraid of commitment. Sign right here and let’s prove them all wrong.
You are all assets and no liabilities
You must be a magician, because when I submitted your app, the underwriting problems disappeared.
You probably are not under my premium coverage, but I am willing to take the risk.
Your disability insurance policy is like pizza: Even when it’s bad, it’s good.
Hey, I'm the cable guy, my only policy is that if I hook your cable up, you have to hook mine up!
Hey baby how long/hard is your cable?
Are you a carpenter? Because when you came in the room it became beautiful.
Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.
Wanna play carpenter? First we get hammered, then ill nail you!
You’re a carpenter’s wet dream–flat as a board and easy to nail.
Hey carpenter, I'm hammered. Want to nailed me?
I am a carpenter, I want to nail you.
Are you a carpenter? Because you're giving me wood!
Your eyes are like wrenches ..... they make my nuts tighten.
I always wear my hard hat, baby.
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don't you?
Hey! Ya wanna try out my new 'Home Artificial Insemination Kit?'
I have a job for you.... but it blows
I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts
I've got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
You are the perfect switch. You turn me on.
Can I earth you? You seem to be at a high potential.
You are my AA battery, you charge me up
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you would be the new McShock.
Baby are you the secondary winding to my transformer, I feel magnetically coupled to you.
You and I are so perfect, want to make a complete circuit?
Baby your ass is rounder than a motor's rotor.
You are like a 250 W halogen, you brighten my world.
Guy: You are the light of my life. Girl: You turn me on.
Are you a electrician? Because when you came in I felt a gilt of energy.
Are you an electrician? Because you turn me on.
I don't usually like being shocked, but when I saw you I was knocked off my feet!
I'm an electrician, let me remove your shorts
I am an electrician, I want to give you a jolt of my high voltage juice,
I am a HVAC installer, I want to heat you up and cool you down.
Are you a plumber? Because that is a solid career choice with a decent wage and I crave stability.
Can I tinker with your pipes?
I don’t normally plunge into a relationship, but tonight I’ll make an exception.
I have a dirty job. I’m a plumber.
I hope you're a plumber because you got my pipe leaking
I wanna flush your pipes, baby.
I'll only use rigid pipe in your rim holes.
I’m a sucker for a man who knows how to use his equipment.
If there's anything I know how to do the right way... it's lay pipe. I'm happy to prove it!
Is that your boyfriend? Because that’d throw a real wrench in my plans
Is your father a plumber? Because when you come in the room, it seems so clogged.
Let’s become a potty of two tonight.
Plumber? I hardly even know her.
That is quite an elbow joint.
That tool belt really brings out the color in your eyes!
Toi-let me be your valentine would be the greatest honor.
Tonight was almost down the drain… until you walked in.
Want to see my tool?
You’re flooding my heart with emotions.
I am a plumber, I want to ream you with my plunger.
Bet we could fit two in those bunkers.
Can I hit your hydrant?
Care to hit my hydrant?
Care to see the hosebed?
Did u know that women firefighters are professional hose handlers.
Don’t prime the pump unless you want to squirt a little water.
Ever been in a firefighter before?
Firefighters are always in heat.
Firemen have the longest hoses
First rule for a patient is to remove all restricting clothing, can I go ahead and start now?
Get rid of your smoke detector and sleep with a firefighter.
Girl in bar: what do you do for a living? Firefighter reply; I make the six o'clock news.
Hey girl! It’s my job to go in when it’s extremely Hot and I never pull out until it’s dripping wet.
Hey girl! Wanna slide down my pole.
Hey Girl! You know firefighter have huge hoses.
Hey handsome, do you want to play firefighters? Together, we can practice “stop, drop and roll”.
I am a firefighter, I run into burning buildings to save a complete stranger, imagine what I would do for you.
I am on fire, you wanna stop drop and roll with me?
I could make you scream louder than the siren.
I don’t have a very long hose, but i got one hell of a pumper.
I save babies, puppies, and kittens. And I look forward to saving you from a boring life!
I wanna hear you scream like the siren.
I would climb you like a ladder.
I'm a firefighter.
I'm a woman firefighter but I forgot my hose. Can I use yours?
I’m a fireman; I’m an expert in what’s hot.
I’m going to ride you like a fire truck on a bad stretch of road on the way to a 6 alarm fire!
I’m on fire, put me out!
In my line of work I'm required to put fires out but if you want to start one call me.
It's long, hard and Pumps like a bastard, but that's just the Truck
Nice hose, does it pump?
Play with fire and you end up burnt BUT play with a firefighter and you end up wet.
The fire might be out but you are still smoking hot.
The hotter you get, the faster we come!
Trust me I'm a fire fighter
Wanna go for a ride along? Then later I can show you the truck.
Wanna slide down my pole?
Want to see my hose lay?
Want to see my tool?
You can call me "The Fireman"....mainly because I turn the hoes on.
You can climb me like a ladder.
You handle that hose well, how about the other one?
You wanna stop drop and roll with me?
You’re hotter than a 4 alarm fire.
Your hosebed or mine?
Your so hot, a firefighter couldn’t put you out.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of my bed.
Bulletproof vest? Nah. It's all muscle.
COPS!! Spread em'.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
Did I tell you that I live next door to Dunkin Donuts?
Do you know how fast you were going when you fell from heaven?
Drop 'em!
Ever seen a baton this big?
How about you cock my gun?
I always turn on my siren when I spot a siren.
I have a great idea for those handcuffs.
I hear cops like a big bust.
I love a man in uniform
I'm a police officer!
I'm ready to enforce the law of attraction.
I'm writing you a ticket. "Fine" is written all over you.
I’d love you to frisk me.
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's go to my place for some under-cover work.
Ma'am we've had some complaints that you're being too sexy. I'm gonna have to arrest you.
My cuffs or your cuffs tonight?
Nice uniform, it would look great at the foot of my bed…
Not here to bust you. But we are here for your bust.
Step out of the vehicle. Walk a straight line into my life.
Stick with me and those lights won’t be the only thing flashing.
Stop! Don't you know it is illegal to look that fine?
That’s a mighty big “flash light” you have there officer….
Want to plant something on me?
Want to play good cop bad cop?
What are you doing with your night stick later?
What else do you do with that night stick?
You got fine written all over you.
You have the right to remain silent. I doubt you will.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
Are you my lawyer? Because you should be screwing me.
Are you pro-bono or just happy to see me.
Did it hurt…when you fell from heaven? Because I know a good personal injury lawyer.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
Girl, I can sustain an objection for almost four hours.
Girl, you're testi-fine.
Hey baby, are you a lawyer because talking to you just violated the terms of my parole.
Hey baby, I’ll show you my opening statement but it’s up to you to close.
Hey baby, let's go back to my place and practice some lateral equality.
Hey baby! do you have a lawyer cause you just stole my heart.
Hey boy, did you see the season finale of Suits? Well I know a nice file room where we can reenact it.
Hey boy, I don’t need your call number. I know I can find you in the Fine section.
Hey boy, I hear you're of good fame and character. Just disclothes, and I'll admit you.
Hey boy, if I were on a jury I'd find you guilty of being criminally gorgeous.
Hey Girl! I’m a lawyer call me when u want to get a divorce.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I hope you don’t object to this leading question, boy, but you want me, don’t you?
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
I need someone to look through these briefs.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
I’ll teach you about jurisdiction, if we change the venue to my place.
I’m going to sue the pants off you.
If loving you is a crime, then I’m looking at a life sentence.
Is that a gavel in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your Daddy a lawyer? Because you look innocent and I feel guilty.
Is your estate subject to open?
Just be who you are, I'm not the one to judge.
Let me show you my mens rea.
Let's adjourn to the bedroom.
Let's just say boy, if you give me your instructions well, I can be a very vocal advocate.
Nice rebuttal.
Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
The prosecution can rest at my place tonight.
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
Unlike a court, I would definitely order specific performance of a contract for service. Especially if it were oral.
What better alibi could you have than spending the night with me?
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
You want to approach the bench and badger my witness?
You're so fine you make my whole courtroom out of order.
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Are you a dentist? Because you leave a bad taste in my mouth.
Are you a dentist? Because you're so sweet I'm getting cavities!
Aye babe! Wanna get drilled?
Can you feel this?
Have you ever slept with a dentist? Want to?
He Sexy! I'm gonna drill you so hard that you'll bleed.
Hello there little lady, Looks like you've got a hole that needs filling.
Hey baby, I'm a dentist. Why don't you lie back and let me fill your cavities.
Hey baby, if you were a polishing disc, you'd be superfine.
Hey girl, if you were a tooth, you would be an upper left lateral incisor!
Hey girl! Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
I am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly because I like you.
I need to fill your cavities.
I want to melt in your mouth.
I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep.
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now.
I'm like a dentist, I'll drill you and fill you.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Is your father a dentist? Because you have a Beautiful smile.
It takes 43 muscles to frown and only 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
It's time to probe your gaps.
Looks like you've got a sweet tooth.
Open wide.
Smile, it lets your teeth breathe.
Stick your tongue out farther for me.
Stop undressing me with your eyes! Use your teeth!
Suck on this for just a second.
The fact that I'm missing some teeth only means that there's more room for your tongue.
What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper.
Would you like me to teach you how to floss?
You have pretty teeth you must be a dentist.
You must be a dentist, because I can't smile without you.
You sure have white teeth, you must brush them! (Redneck)
You're drooling a bit.
You're so sweet. I'm getting a toothache just looking at you.
You've a nice smile. Can I be your dentist?
You've got a great smile.
Your a piece of eye candy and I've got a sweet tooth.
Your gums looks sensitive. Let me stab them with this prison shank.
Your teeth are like stars. Slightly yellow and very far apart.
Are you doing anything on Saturday? Wait, I just checked--you're not.
Are you on FBI’s most wanted? Cause you’re at the top of my list.
Are you the CIA? Because I don't think the president gave you permission to torture me with those good looks.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my chat log reviews all day.
Baby your Verizon line ain't the only thing I'm trying to tap
Baby, my drones aren't the only thing that have heat a seeking missile..
Being broke sucks. Let me buy you a drink
Could you help me find my stationary?
Damn, girl. Is your ass the internet? cause ima monitor that all DAY.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or did I misunderstand your search history?
Do you have a library card? Because I’m checking you out. You and your library history.
Every breath you take
Every move you make
Every bond you break
Every step you take
NSA watching you
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Girl, I can't wait to violate your privacy in real life.
Girl, I haven't had a crush this bad since your mom got her first iphone. Smile, I unlocked your webcam!
Girl, you must have fallen from heaven because there is no tracking data to indicate how you arrived at this location.
Girl, you owe me a drink because when I saw you I dropped mine.
Hey baby, I know what you did last summer
Hey baby, I'd do anything to get with you... like lowering your ex's credit score, wire tapping your boss and taking you off the no fly list
Hey baby, your buns are on fire, you've left your oven on
Hey baby... what are you wearing? Just kidding, I'm watching you.
Hey, can I have your number? Just kidding. Already got it
Hey, I've never met you, and this is crazy, but I stole your number, so answer baby!
Hi there beautiful. Can I buy you the drink your last one night stand got you?
Hi, I just wanted to introduce myself. I've been watching you for a looooong time
How do you kill 5 hours in Rio, if you don't samba?
I bet I can guess your weight, birth sign, mother's maiden name, SSN and your car's VIN
I couldn't help but hear your phone conversation with your sister yesterday & I think I can be that kind of man for you!
I feel like I've known you forever, or at least since the Bush administration
I feel like I've known you since you got that cellphone for your 15th birthday.
I flagged you at first sight
I heard you like teddy bears. You can give me a cuddle
I knew you'd be here.
I know exactly where you have been all my life.
I know this is a little straight forward, but I feel like I already know everything about you.
I must complete the mission, but first, sex.
I probably shouldn't tell you this, but you've got malware on your laptop and some creep from Idaho is jerking off to you through your webcam
I think he got the point.
I was going through your email and noticed you like cat too!
I was going through your inbox and thought maybe we could be together!
I will ALWAYS have my eyes on you, darling...! My love for you is unconstitutional.
I will be keeping an eye on your smile, and off your perfectly formed arse!
I'd never cheat on you like your boyfriend does with your BFF
I'd tap that.
I'm a great listener
I'm incredibly rich. Here's a new iPhone 5 with my number in it. Call me sometime.
I'm so honored to meet you. I'm kind of a big fan, I've read all of your e-mails
I've got a tap on you, now I just need that ass
If being sexy was a crime, you would be on FBI’s most wanted list.
Is that a Wi-Fi enabled device in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Just relax while we unzip your files.
Let me buy you dinner, I know you don't have much in your bank account.
Lovely dress, darling, but the one you tried on before you left home looked even better.
May Day, where have you been? I've been waiting for you . . . to take care of me, personally.
Message from 672-739-5463 ( NSA-SEX-LINE ) You left your car keys on the kitchen counter and your panties are on backwards.
My love for you is unconstitutional
Roses are red, violets are blue, your pin number 6852.
Shocking. Positively shocking.
Single male, attentive listener. Like to intercept communications, bodily fluid from international women.
Take a giant step for mankind.
That's quite a nice little nothing you're almost wearing. I approve.
The CIA is trying to steal my penis... I need to find a place to hide it.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Then how about a nightcap on the company? My company.
We had you at hello.
We understand you so much better than the guy you're with now.
Well, I'm afraid you've caught me with more than my hands up
What's a nice girl like you doing at the corner of 5th and Guadalupe avenue at 8:37pm?
Whatever I am...Whatever is left of me, I'm yours.
When one is in Egypt, one should dive deeply into its treasures.
Whoa... you look way sexier than indicated in your metadata
Why didn't I text you back? Because I already knew what you were going to say.
Would you...be interested in a night cap
You come here often.
You didn't think I'd miss this performance, did you?
You don't think I enjoyed what we did this evening, do you? What I did tonight was for Queen and country!
You look way prettier in person than through your webcam.
You must be the Constitution, because I want to violate you.
You're free Friday. Would you like to have dinner?
Your credit score is so fine, I wish I could co-sign a car loan with you all night long.
Your parents must have been clams, but I've already cracked you.
Can I sweep you off your practical, orthopedic waitress shoes?
Hey, I’ve never eaten here before. What do you all recommend?
How do I get my girlfriend to lose some weight? I was thinking I should get her on Subway sandwiches like Jared. No really, is this place low-fat?
I have a big tip for you but you will have to receive it in private.
I just kept ordering coffee so you’d talk to me. Now I just have to pee.
I love it when a girl knows her fried foods.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to card me. It didn’t work. My name’s _______.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to see I’m an organ donor. Here, take my heart. (And my number.)
I ordered a beer because talking to you made me nervous as hell. Please, terrify me again at your earliest convenience.
I ordered the skate so you’d think I was sophisticated and healthy. Now I’m still hungry. Pizza burgers when your shift ends?
I'm thinking of getting into waitressing...can you give me any tips on how to break into the industry?
Is there a non-creepy way to hit on your waiter? If so, please text it to me.
Is work the only place that you are good at serving?
My burger was great, but YOU are rare and well-done at the same time.
My idiot friend thinks you’re cute. I told him he was wrong—you’re gorgeous. Call me when your shift ends?
Since you are on your feet all day, I figured you'd like to go lay down with me when you are done?
So do you spit, or is that only your cooks?
So when’s your next night off?
That accent - ________? It is very pretty. Where are you from?
I would really like to learn ___________. Can you be my tutor? What is your number?
This restaurant? Luckiest busboys in the world.
What time do you get off? Well what time do you get out of work?
You brought me lunch, can I bring you dinner?
You get 25 percent of the bill and 100 percent of my heart. Call me?
You so should be working at Hooters!!!
You’d be the perfect woman, even if your hair didn’t smell like French fries.
Are you a general because you make my private stand at attention?
Are you in the Air Force? Cause your hotter than the engine of an F-22A Raptor.
Babe, are you an officer? Cause you just made my privates stand at attention.
Babe, you're like the assault cutting score cause you're making me go up, up and away
Baby, you put the 'fox' in 'foxhole'.
BAMCIS!
Banana show anyone?
BOHICA
Can I attack your chow hall?
Can I foxtrot india November golf echo Romeo you?
Can I whisky tango all over your foxtrot?
Can l prick your 119?
Care to accompany me on a quiet, romantic, moonlit beach for a 5-mile hike and a hundred push-ups?
Check your six I'm coming in!
Contact rear.
Do you mind if I be YOUR Jody for tonight?
Drop and give me 20 - on my lap.
Drop and give me 69!
Girl you want to see my glowstick and PT with me!
Grab it by the 6-inch barrel.
Have you been laid recently? Because I have a charge 8 stick with your name on it.
Hey babe are you a weapon? Cause I'm about to make you condition one.
Hey babe, wanna swab my deck?
Hey baby, can I shoot some rounds center mast?
Hey baby, I can't put you in the Corps but I can put the Corps in you.
Hey baby, I'd swab your poopdeck any day.
Hey baby, lemme put my oorah in your who-ha.
Hey baby, wanna cock my shotgun?
Hey baby, you delta tango foxtrot?
Hey girl, since I'm a red head, I'm gonna put you on fire watch.
Hey girl, you didn't need to say zero to make me freeze.
Hey girl. Nice club foot. You want some Tricare?
Hey LT, wanna evac this bar and go see my hangar?
Hey sweetheart, let me tell you about the pink sock.
Hey there, wanna be my AR 15 tonight: tap, rack, bang?
Hey you let's go practice our morale!
Hey you my roommate is going out tonight.
Hey you wanna be a Marine? No? Wanna make little ones?
Hey you wanna go and PT?
Hi, is your name Wagner?
How about you lock your bolt to the rear and I'll insert a round in the chamber?
I always wrap it before I rack tap bang so what do you say we pop off these saved rounds?
I bet u wouldn't mind zeroing my rifle would you??
I bet you give great Kevlar!
I came for the boots but I stayed for the dependents.
I can stand at attention for hours, wanna play formation?
I forgot my CIF gear. Looks like this little marine is going in slick.
I got my bore punched.
I have applied a light coat of CLP to my barrel.
I have completed inspection of your SL-3 and the only thing missing is ME.
I heard you're PFT.
I love box chow.
I want to double time march in or around her mouth.
I want to stick my ram rod into your choke tube.
I'd like to FFE on your face.
I'd like to locate close with and destroy your hooyah with my madeuce!
I'd like unload show clear with you.
I'll just let my top gear boys show you how its done.
I'll land this osprey in your LZ any time.
I'm about to flank you from the rear.
I'm about to hasty ambush that bunker.
I'm going on deployment soon and I'm not getting BAH....Yet.
I'm gonna break you down shotgun style.
I'm max EL and ready to recoil.
I'm sorry did I spill my camel pack on you?
I'm the best humper in the company. That's why he puts me in the rear.
If you want me to adjust your mortar, I'll sure give you a fist and a thumb.
Is that a radio in between your legs? Because comm is about to go down!
Is that your 60? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is your back blast area all clear? Cause this rocket is wants you to blow.
Is your back blast area all clear?
It ain't about the size of your antenna, it's how far you can shoot your comm
It's your lucky day I don't come with a BFA.
Lemme BAMSIS that SMEAC
Let me field day that scuttlebutt
Let me get those ten digits and ill fire for effect
Looks like your range doesn't have left or right lateral limits.....TARGET!
My hangout spot is driftwood.
Oorah YUT YUT semper Fi devil dog?
Prepare to mount!
Remember 'An Officer and a Gentleman'? I'm neither, baby.
Requesting permission to enter friendly lines
Scuttle that butt on over here.
Soldier, I'm admiring your strategic frontal mammary tissue mounds, two each.
Stand on the yellow footprints and prepare for receiving
Tap rack bang
Target acquired, we are weapons hot, cleared to engage.
The head of t the COC is ready for you mam.
The penalty for being out of uniform is a spanking.
Time for some PT!
Two in the head, one all over her chest...
Uncle Sam ain't the only one who wants you.
Unload, show clear.
Wanna clean the head?
Wanna go on a board?
Wanna help me dishonorably discharge?
Wanna help prepare my condition one weapon?
Wanna know why I'm called a 'drill' sergeant?
Wanna ride my torpedo?
Wanna see my CAC?
We are gonna comm until it hertz baby!!
What's a pathetic weak piece of @#$%*! like you doing in a !&%#@$ dump like this??
Whisky Tango Foxtrot?
Women? You mean lotion and a sock?
Wow, my CAC NEVER fit this way!
You can sit on my post any day
You must work at postal cause I'm sure you were just checking out my package.
You on patrol? I wouldn't mind you patrolling with the mighty fine me.
You put the R.E in MRE
You. Me. BAH. You in?
You'll only have to give me one pushup soldier, if it's your bra.
Your perfume reminds me of napalm in the morning.
(Hold out a stethoscope) Why don't you listen to your heart and go out with me?
(Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don't we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam?
Are you a doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Are you a nurse? Because you cured my erectile disfunction.
Are you a pulmonary embolism? 'Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
Are you Broca's Aphasia? Because you leave me speechless.
Are you lost Ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work, but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Baby you're so sweet you're gonna put me in DKA!
Baby, you make me vasodilate!
Blood is red, cyanosis is blue, I get tachycardia when I think of you.
Can I take your temperature? Because you're looking hot today.
Come into my office and take off your pants.
Did you damage my cerebellum? Because I'm falling all over the place for you.
Do you believe in love at first site, or do I have to walk by again?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have an inhaler? You took my breath away.
Does this rag smell like chloroform?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
EMTs come when people go down
Ever slept with an EMT? Want to?
Excuse me, I think you dropped something: My jaw.
Fire Fighters play with their hoses, I bring the bed
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
Hey girl, you're like a car accident, because I can't look away.
Hey, are you a conditioned stimulus? Because you're making me drool.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy?
I am an organ donor, need anything?
I can find every pulse in your body!
I can make your heart skip a beat. No really, I'm certified to do it!
I don't want to go all Freudian on you, but cute doctors pull strong feelings from me because they're a safe target for feelings I originally had for my parents.
I have all sorts of protection
I have my own multi-positional bed
I hope you passed CPR because you're taking my breath away
I might need life alert, because I've fallen in love with you and can't get up.
I need a life. Please lower your standards and go out with me.
I need to practice my trauma assessments. Will you be my patient?
I think you are suffering from a lack of Vitamin Me.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
I'd like to find another doctor. Why? Because I've got a crush on you. Would you like to grab lunch sometime?
I'd love to do a 12 lead on you
I'll shock the socks off you
I'm a medic, I know your body better then you do!
I'm an expert in mouth-to-mouth
I'm familiar with Latex and restraints
I'm feeling a little off today. Will you turn me on?
I'm good with multiple partners
I'm like a doctor, actually an orthodontist, I'm gonna have to ask you to, ya know, uh take off your clothes
I'm no organ donor, but I'd happy to give you my heart.
I'm the best in rapid clothing removal
I'm used to staying up all night
If I go into cardiac arrest will you give me mouth to mouth?
If you need a love doctor, I have like a medicated degree.
Is that a Laryngoscope handle in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is there something in your eye? Oh wait, its just a sparkle.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition.
Keep talking... I'm diagnosing you.
Medics know how to pick you up 5 different ways
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
My love for you burns stronger than my urinary tract infection.
My love for you is like diarrhea. I can't hold it in.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
No one else can cut off your clothes, restrain you, and sedate you like a medic can… Wanna play?
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Playing doctor is for kids...let's play gynecologist!"
Sit back and relax…I fix broken hearts.
Stand back, I'm a doctor. You go get an ambulance, I'll loosen her clothes.
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
They don't call me Bones because I'm a doctor.
Those clothes look uncomfortable… need me to cut them off for you?
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Wanna feel safe tonight? Sleep with an EMT.
Wanna join the code 3 club?
Wanna play 'Doctor', Doctor?
Wanna see if we can drown out the siren?
We always come when we are called
We are prepared for any rhythm
We should get some coffee… Because I'm liking you a latte.
When we first met I couldn't get you out of my mind, now I can't get you out of my heart.
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
Where there is a pulse there is a chance.
You breathe oxygen? We have so much in common.
You give me premature ventricular contractions.
You have acute angina.
You know, I've been highly trained to stick things into people…
You look familiar. Did we have class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
You make my dopamine levels all silly.
You must be the one for me… Since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
You've got 206 bones in your body, want one more?
You've got beautiful veins
Your bus or mine?
Your calves must be aching. Because you've been back-marching through my mind all day.
