Are you a hidden wall? Because I want to hit on you to access new areas of life.
Are you Elden Ring? Because you command the stars, and giving life its fullest brilliance. And I am about to shatter you tonight.
Are you Smithing Stone? Because you just +1'd my weapon.
Are you the ground? Because I may not survive the fall into you.
Babe, I will never finish with you because I will always do New Game+ with you.
Babe, visit my Sites of Grace and I shall give you some Spirit Steeds.
Babe, will you be my maiden?
Babe, you are my Main Legacy Dungeon.
Check out my Elden Beast.
Damn, are you my foolish ambitions? Because I want to put them to rest!
Did you use Shabriri's Woe? Because I want to hit on you tonight.
Do you allow Multiple Invaders at once?
Do you know sorcery? Because I am in love with your incantations.
Even if you are out of my Summon Range, I still want you to be in my world.
Forget about Ashes of War. I want to farm me some Asses of War babe.
Girl, I have been Tarnished all my life until I met you.
Girl, want to play the Role of Maiden to rid me of my maidenless fate?
Girl, want to see how my Golden Seed upgrades your Flask?
Girl, you grant my dead dragon into new strengths.
Girl, you have not just invaded my world, you have also invaded my heart.
Girl, you turn my runes to strength.
Hey girl, are you Elden ring? Because you are real!
I better have full health bar because I cannot survive the fall damage from falling for you.
I got the Runes, You got the Stones. Let's do it on the Smithing Table.
I need a maiden.
I want to go on a journey explore your Lands Between.
I’m holding on for a maiden until the end of the night, she’s gotta be cute and she’s gotta be nice, and she turns my runes to might.
Let me solo her.
My Bewitching Branch will pierce & charm you tonight.
My favorite weapon in Elden Ring? Thrusting weapons.
My two fingers will grant you grace, but my three fingers will drive you mad!
No amount of rolling in the sheets can dodge my attack tonight.
Ready for some Mounted Combat tonight?
Shall I turn your runes to strength?
share them with me. Your thoughts. Your ambitions. The principles you would follow.
So how many times do I need to do you to get your Remenbrance Weapon?
Want to answer my Furled Finger? It is a relic of those who came before, left to help those who would come after.
What is your favoriate stance in bed?
You ain't blocking my attacks or breaking my stance tonight.
You can consume my Lands Between Rune tonight.
You can co-op with me any night.
You can mount me any time and I will take you places.
You can summon me into your bed any time for PvP or Cooperative action.
(Artillerist) Are you ready for The Big One?
(Artillerist) Do you prefer my Missile Barrage or Heavy Turret?
(Artillerist) You are so hot you fill up my Firepower meter without any skills.
(Bard) My Sonic Vibration will peel you off tonight.
(Bard) Your moan is the best Heavenly Tune skill that I will cast tonight.
(Berserker) Girl, you make me all crazy about you.
(Berserker) I am all about the Mayhem that we will experience tonight.
(Deadeye) Babe, do you prefer my main shotgun, pistol or my rifle?
(Deadeye) I am all about hitting back attacks with my shotgun.
(Deadeye) Ready for my bursting flare?
(Deathblade) Girl you so hot you make my blade go Flash Blink Awakening.
(Deathblade) I don't just have balls, I have Deathblade orbs.
(Deathblade) With my Deathblade arts, I will get behind and annihilate your pussy tonight.
(Gunlancer) Girl, with you, my Shout of Hatred turns into Shout of Orgasm.
(Gunlancer) How about a Leap to finish off?
(Gunlancer) My Surge Cannon can pleasure at multiple angles.
(Gunslinger) Babe, I got a gun for every occasion.
(Gunslinger) Time to Hunt!
(Paladin) Babe, I got both Holy Sword & Holy Protection
(Paladin) Time to experience my Wrath of God and I will finish with Heavenly Blessing.
(Scrapper) Babe, if we do not have protection tonight, we are about to get a peek into the Mysterious Art: Blast of Ruination.
(Scrapper) What you think about my favoriate combo? Charging Blow -> Instant Hit -> Fier Tiger Strike -> Chain Destruction Fist.
(Shadow Hunter) Babe you got my Demonic Impulse.
(Shadow Hunter) I got ranged poking and up-close damage baby.
(Shadow Hunter) I got the perfect combo for you, Thrust Impact, Grind Chain, and finally Piercing Thorn.
(Shadow Hunter) Watch out for my Thrust Impact followed by Gate of Eruption.
(Sharpshooter) Girl, you are so hot my Hawk Meter is rising fast.
(Sorcerers) Girl, I want you to be in my Lightning Vortex.
(Sorcerers) Let's do some Reverse Gravity before I land my Punishing Strike.
(Soulfist) Girl, you are too sexy that you made me do Energy Release way too fast.
(Soulfist) My Deadly Finger will surely make you come tonight.
(Soulfist) My Magnetic Palm is attractived to your sexy body.
(Soulfist) Up for some Merciless Pummel in bed tonight?
(Wardancer) Are you a Wardancer? Because I am looking for Sky Shattering Blow.
(Wardancer) Do you prefer my Fist of Dominance or Flash Rage Blow?
(Wardancer) Do you want to be on top? My Sleeping Ascent Celebration will do.
Are you a Mokoko Seed? Because you give off a gentle and pleasing aroma
Are you an island in Lost Ark? Because I want a piece of you.
Are you Mokoko seed? Because I am looking everywhere for you.
Babe, how about we build some rapport points back at my place.
Babe, I want to explore your Island Quests.
Babe, if you are my Adventure's tome. I want to discover all of your Hidden Stories.
Babe, you are my end game and my highest tier.
Did you just start playing Lost Ark? Because Yudia one for me.
Do you like PvP? Better get those Crowd Control skills ready once I come hard.
Girl you are my one and only main. No other alts in my life.
Girl, are you a Chaos Dungeon? Because I would do you twice daily.
How about we skip the dating and Power Pass our way to bed?
How much virtue stats do I need to get you to talk?
I am all for Push Immunity, because if not I am going to knock you up and down.
I can tier you up for the rest of my life.
I want to enter your abyss dungeon.
Meeting you is the start of my Awakening Quest.
My collectible lists is finally complete after I met you.
Want to complete your Adventure Tome? Then you must finish quests with me tonight.
Want to PvP? Do you have the Super Armor to counter my Hard Paralysis?
You are my missing ingredient for my Rethramis Cooking Recipe.
You must be a Guardian, because I want to raid you every day.
You must got Chaos Dungeon? Because I'd rather solo you for my end game.
Babe don't worry. I just broke a monitor and I am ready to speed with shields on.
Babe, are you sonic? Because a tap on my capsule frees all the creatures.
Babe, I want to Chaos Drive into you.
Babe, I want to explore deep into your Chao garden for Chao eggs.
Babe, try out my Hyper Sonic and see if I can make you come in 50 seconds.
Call me Dr. Eggman, because I am out to transform your pussy.
Call me Sonic, because I have master the spin dash in bed.
Do you know earlier Sonic games is like sex? You must complete each act in 10 minutes.
Forget about Doctor Robotnik, wait until you see my Doctor Robotdik.
Girl are you Chaos Emeralds, because you turn me into Super Sonic in bed.
Girl, do you like Sonic? Because you sure can grind my rails.
Girl, how many zones do I have to go through to unleash my inner beast.
Girl, I am Sonic and my Tail wants to fly into you.
Girl, I’ve got a gold ring with your name on it.
Girl, let me enter your warp ring and take us to Special Stages.
Girl, you are the one gold ring I want.
Gotta go fast, but I'd slow down for you.
Hey ladies. Come with me, you're flying so high you won't regret meeting me.
Hey, can you help me find that damn 4th Chaos Emerald? I'm pretty sure it's in your pants.
I always go fast. But not in the bedroom.
I feel like Sonic in the water, because you make me breathless after a few seconds.
I want to speed up so I could loop around you.
Let me free your inner desire when my little Sonic spin jump inside you.
Mario is red, Sonic is blue. Why don’t you hit select and be my player two?
Once you accept these rings, they will take you to a whole new world.
Plumbers are Red; Hedgehogs are Blue; Press Start to join, and be my player Two.
This is my power, and I’m not using it to run away anymore! I’m using it to get closer to you.
You are the air bubble for me under water. I cannot survive without you.
You must be Chaos Emeralds, because when I have you, I have the world.
You must be Sonic the Hedgehog cause you’ve been running through my mind all day.
Your love is the only ring energy I need.
Are you Astra? Because I've got stars in my eyes.
Are you Astra? Because your beauty is like the stars... vast and endless.
Are you Breach? Because your beauty and personality stun me.
Are you Brimstone? Because you make my logic fog up and useless.
Are you Chamber? Because I had to slow down to take a second look at you.
Are you Cypher? Because I would be a corpse without you.
Are you Cypher? Because I'd give you my corpse.
Are you First Light? Because you put some special powers in my Agent.
Are you Jett, Because you dashed into my heart.
Are you Jett? Because you flew straight into my heart.
Are you Jett? Because you Gracefully fell into my heart.
Are you Kay/O? Because I want to pick you up.
Are you killjoy? Because i want you to detain me.
Are you Killjoy? Because you can make me vulnerable anytime.
Are you Killjoy? Because you leave me vulnerable tonight.
Are you Killjoy? Whenever I see you, my heart is on Lockdown.
Are you Omen? Because you TPed into my heart.
Are you on XSET? Because you make my world purer.
Are you Phoenix? Because you are hot.
Are you Phoenix? Because you set my passion alight.
Are you Phoenix? Because your beauty is blinding me.
Are you phoenix? Because your flame warms my soul.
Are you Phoenix? Your flame warms up my cold soul.
Are you playing Cypher? Because you see through me anytime.
Are you ranked? Because I would want to climb you.
Are you Raze? Because, like Flights, you move like a beast.
Are you Reyna? Because you stole my heart.
Are you Reyna? Because you took away my soul.
Are you Sage? Because your love heals my broken heart.
Are you Sage? Because your personality heals me.
Are you Skye? Because you make me run out of stuff.
Are you Skye? Because your beauty blinds me.
Are you Sova? Because I can't hide from your sight.
Are you Sova? Because my feelings cannot hide from you.
Are you Sova? Because your dart is made out of love.
Are you Viper? Because your toxicity has me addicted.
Are you Yoru? Because your beauty and personality have me outgunned and outplayed.
Astra: Don't underestimate me-o. Gold is my heart and my soul cuts like the sword.
Astra: Guys, don't think what you're fighting against. Consider what you are fighting for!
Astra: I got enough time to into the astral form.
Astra: I'm going above!"
Astra: My plan may sound irrational, only because you cannot see what I can!
Astra: The spike, don't forget that!
Astra: This is the final moment of destiny.
Astra: Up I go!
Astra: You are ready for this situation, right my friends?
Breach: Blasting!
Breach: I don't need these arms to fight, but they're fun. Might as well use 'em.
Breach: I'm firing on all cylinders!
Breach: Nothing fancy, uh? We go in, we crush them, we get out.
Breach: The faster we do this, the faster I get paid.
Breach: We doing this or what?
Cypher: Ah, okay, this is good! I've got new gadgets to try out..
Cypher: Ah, so much learned this day. A victory, on many fronts.
Cypher: I must survive to protect my family. I can't lose them. I can't feel that pain again.
Cypher: My truths stay hidden for one day more.
Cypher: Nothing stays hidden from me. Nothing.
I did not believe in Radianite until I met you.
I wish I were Omen because I want to teleport into your bed tonight.
I'm Radiant.
Jett: Cool. Let's Go
Jett: Don't stress. I'm super quiet.
Jett: Oh, my back hurts! Everyone's so heavy!
Jett: Think you can keep up? Who am I kidding? You know you can't keep up.
Kay/O: Let's do this.
Killjoy: Relax. I've already thought of everything.
Neon: Move or get zapped.
Omen: I am the beginning. I am the end.
Phoenix: Just take a seat. I got this.
Raze: Yes, I'm pumped.
Reyna: Bow before me!
Reyna: I will drain the life from our pray. That's all they're good for.
Reyna: Somehow the hunger always lingers.
Reyna: Stay alive! I want their life, not yours.
Reyna: Thank you. I was starving.
Reyna: They stopped breathing? Excellent. Then we're done.
You make my heart turn into Radiant.
You must be be Reyna, because you are sucking more than just my soul.
You One Tapped into my heart.
All rush banana no stop plz.
are we rushing in or are we going sneaky beaky like
Are you a bombsite? Because I am about to de_stroy that pussy in 40 seconds.
Are you a chokepoint? Because you are smoking.
Are you a knife? because your stabbing my heart.
Are you a Nova? Because you are pure gold.
Are you a terrorist cuz you blew my mind.
Are you comfortable with public affection, or should we go sneaky beaky like
Are you mirage? Because I want to go deep into your jungle.
Ay girl. Are you an AWP cause I'd dump my Ak for you.
Babe, can you help me practice my pistol aim?
Babe, do you want to go casual or competitive? Because I am always game for 90 minutes.
Babe, I know how to control my spray pattern, I bet you cannot.
Babe, I swear I'm experienced, I'm just smurfing.
Babe, want to see how I control the game into your long tunnel?
Baby are you a flashbang ? because you are stunning.
Baby I'll stick it in your Asimov.
Baby, you're the bomb, why don't you plant it at bombsite D?
Can I camp in your Pit?
Can I plant my bomb on your G-Spot?
Can I rush your lower tunnel?
Can I wall bang your double doors?
Damn gurl, you a p90? Cuz I’d spray you.
Do you mind if I peek your top of mid?
Do you prefer the flash first or bang?
Do you think if we opened a case together, I'd get lucky?
Don't be a kit show me some goods.
Don't worry baby, I'm using protection. I bought head armor.
Girl asked me for my digits so i told her 1:0:29278475
Girl how do you have full HP? because you just fell from heaven.
Girl please just let me one tap you!
Girl you are so hot, no one is going to defuse this load from going off.
Girl you gonna yell "2 long" and its not gonna be a report.
Girl, are you mid? Because you are smoking.
Girl, do you mind if I check out your underpass?
Girl, I just want to hold you in my arms and lay you down cuz you're da bomb!
Girl, I want to tap-shoot your ass so hard.
Girl, I will make your Famas Pulse.
Girl, I would empty my mag into your vag any night.
Girl, is that a Molotov under your feet? Cuz you are hot!
Girl, sit on my head, i'll boost you.
Girl, want to see how I fire in the hole?
Girl, you are my rare special item <3
Girl, you could inspect my gear any time.
Girl, you just AWPed me in the heart.
Girl, you sure you don't want to give it another chance? I'll be sure to make you squeaky.
Girl, you're so hot I think you might be Mirage.
Help me practice my spray control...
Hey babe, what's your favorite position? Mine's long A. - Mine is banana - mine's lower dark - Mine is Secret. Wait...
Hey baby wanna rush my D site?
Hey girl did you buy a smoke and a Molotov, because you are smoking hot.
Hey girl, wanna Net'flicks' and chill?
Hey girl, want to have a private match? I've got de_cache
Hey girl, want to inspect my Case Hardened?
Hey girl, would you mind boosting me up?
Hey girl, you are so hot i could even go to a VACation with you.
Hey girl, you got some big hitboxes
Hey gurl are you silver? cause I'm actually a MGE, bend over.
I never play heaven cuz I always fall for you.
I think she wants the D-eag.
I wanna rush your lower tunnels.
I want to spray u like i spray my Negev.
I will turn you factory new into a field tested.
I would love to SPAWN on your face!
I'd awp your mid.
I'd like to headshot you with my white-out AWP.
If I was an M4A1-S, you could unscrew my silencer anytime.
If my body was de_inferno, would you rush this banana?
If we open a case together what are my chances of getting lucky?
If you let me work my way up your ladder, I'm sure you'll be in Heaven.
If you were a CSGO map you would be de_licious!
If you were B site, I’d rush you.
if you're an ak , I'd pick you up
I'll show you A Long ;D
I'm about to plant my bomb right on your B-site.
I'm Fnatic for you <3
Is 7355608 your number 'cause you're the bomb!
Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you da bomb.
Is your name Beretta? Because you make me see double.
I've got to eco this round, let's just get a pizza.
Lemme stick my hyper beast in your Asimov real quick.
Looks like you've unboxed the key to my heart.
My AK isn't the only thing that penetrates well.
My heart is strafing towards you more and more each day <3
Of course I can carry you, sweetie... to my bed 😉
There is a reason why everyone calls me "The Grinder"... It's because I have a big black Glock.
They call me defuse kit, cause I last 5 seconds.... Wait..
They would reintroduce sprays just for you.
Turn around girl coz imma flash and bang you.
Wanna play some CS? You can be T cuz you lookin' bomb.
Want to rush my banana?
What's your strat for the night because I'm thinkin' of planting my bomb at site V.
When I turn on my aimbot, I aim straight for your heart <3
Wouldn't mind having to re-take you girl.
You are so sweet I could just cobble you up.
You are the thing I'd prioritize when my team says "save"
You can peak at my long any time.
You look factory new, but after im done, you will be battle scarred.
You make my heart go 128 tick.
You make my karambit go bayonet.
You wanna see my Pit Viper?
You're a Mac-10/10 - MP9/10 - Mag7/10 - M4/10
You're hotter than a $400 Molotov
Are you a Maverick Hunter? I am a Robot Master, destroy me tonight and take my special power.
Are you a Maverick? Because I want to blow you up.
Are you a Reploid? Because my sigma virus wants to infect you and make you mine.
Are you Mother Elf? Because I would want to make some Baby Elves out of you.
Are you the doctor in Megaman, because you have made me full.
Babe, I am going to use my weapon to exploit your weakness.
Babe, you can beam into my heart any time.
Do you prefer a basic shot or a charged shot?
Do you want to feel my Mega Buster?
Girl you so hot, I cannot keep holding down my buster anymore.
Girl, want to see if your X-Buster is any match to my Z-Saber?
Have you met my "rockman".
I am Sigma, I will come at you again and again until I corrupt you.
I am the Maverick virus, I want to get inside you and make you revolt.
I am Zero, have you seen how big my blade is?
I got the energy tank, let's go at it all night long.
I want to put my Megaman X inside your base.
My buster cannon is about to blow.
Want to see how my Mega Man can slide and dash into tight spots?
Akuma: If you want to listen to something, listen to the screams of those who have died by my hand!
Akuma: My fist grows even stronger!
Akuma: Only one can be the true master of the fist!
Akuma: With a body like that, you could never hope to overcome my fists of destruction!
Anna: Come over here. Let me talk to ya real close.
Anna: My pleasure.
Anna: Try showing me a good time.
Asuka: Don't hold anything back.
Bruce: You're going down.
Christie: Lets have some fun.
Claudio: I may have gone too far…
Come on!
Craig: I'll break your face!
Craig: You won't be able to walk after this.
Devil Jin: I'll take you on all at once.
Eliza: I'll feed on you nice and slow later.
Eliza: Unrelenting night awa-Zzz…
Eliza: Was that too much?
Eliza: You look like a treat.
Eliza: You're in for a punishment. No escape! Let the darkness consume you!
Emilie: How long can you stand my attacks?
Emilie: This is the moment that makes it all worthwhile.
Fahkumram: Blow away.
Feng Wei: You got nothing on me.
Ganryu: Gotcha!
Heihachi: Hahaha! That felt good. Next!
Heihachi: I haven't felt this excitement in my blood for quite some time!
Heihachi: Show me what you've got.
Hwoarang: Not too fast, are you?
Hwoarang: You're barely enough for a warm-up.
Jaycee: Give me everything you've got.
Jin: Feel my fury!
Jin: I may have to bring you back for some testing.
Jin: Purity alone won't protect a single thing.
Jin: That was an elegant battle, thank you.
Jin: There are nothing but monsters in this world. That includes you and I.
Jin: You are mistaken. Victory is not obtained through muscle alone.
Jinpachi: Show me what you can do!
Josie: Get ready to fly! Take this! You're finished!
Josie: I'm still ready to fight!
Josie: Yes! Yeah, I did it!
Julia: Here I come! Yeah!
Julia: Spirits, give me strength.
Julia: Stream is live! You ready?
Julia: We don't have a lot of time. Okay Bob, let's go.
Jun: You dare defy fate?
Katarina: Bring it on, freak!
Katarina: Come on. I'll kick your butt to hell and back
Kazumi: I see your powers have awoken…
Kazumi: Well then, if you're ready…
Kazuya: It's time for you to meet your end!
King II: Ooh, a ninja! And you use some wrestling moves too!
Kunimitsu II: Interesting weapon you have there.
Kunimitsu: Come, then.
Lars: I feel it within me.
Lars: No need to go easy on me.
Lars: You look like you know a thing or two.
Lee: Chew on this!
Lee: Do your worst.
Lee: You shouldn't take me too lightly.
Lei Wulong: Let's get this started then.
Leo: Leave it to me, Partner!
Leo: Lucky me.
Leroy: C'mon, Sugar!
Let's Go!
Lidia: I went too far. An ambulance is on its way.
Ling: Can you stop trying to touch me with your grubby hands? Only Jin is allowed to do that to me!
Ling: Here I go, Panda!
Ling: I'm ready for whatever you got!
Ling: Is that blade of yours satisfied now, or does it want to fight again?
Ling: You're not getting off easy.
Lucky: Here we go. C. H. L. O. E. Finish. Oh yeah.
Marshall: Come and get some! I dare you.
Marshall: Nice! You'll make this sauce base I've been thinking of a lot more flavorful.
Marshall: Open your soul to the battle.
Master Raven: I hope your affairs are in order.
Michelle Chang: Come and get it.
Miguel: Agh ... if you insist.
Negan: Easy peasy lemon squeezy!
Negan: I hope you got your shitting pants on.
Negan: Pissing our pants yet?
Nina: Come on baby, show me what you've got.
Nina: Did fighting that bear make you this stupid?
Nina: Finished all ready? Please.
Paul: No pain, no gain!
Paul: Nothing like a good workout!
Paul: You wanna be a human, I wanna be the universe's greatest fighter. Let's team up and make both of our dreams a reality!
Raven: It's useless to resist.
Robert: I will attain perfection.
Robert: I've been waiting for this day.
Robert: Now, let the show begin.
Robert: Speed and weight.
Sebastian: I vow to protect you with my life.
Shaheen: I'll finish you.
Slim Bob: I can take you on any which way.
Slim Bob: Ugh, I'm practically skin and bones!
Steve: Hey, you, you wanna try me?
Wang: Wow, You're hot.
Wang: Wow. Today must be my lucky day.
Yoshimitsu: My sword is resonating with your fist!?
Zafina: I accept my fate, whatever it may be.
Ah...fresh meat!
Are you a Grotesque? Cause you're blowing me up with your love.
Babe, are you a milk maid?
Babe, do you bind on pick up.
Babe, you just got me an expansion pack in my pants.
Babe, you're so hot inferno got nothing on you.
Baby, is that a Windforce you're holding? Cause you're knocking me off my feet.
Bul-Kathos guides my hand!
Do you need a heal? Because I can lay on hands.
Do you think there is something to eat here? I am feeling hungry. (D3)
Do you wanna DiaBlow me?
Girk, I want to stab those bloody demons in the arse! (D3)
Girl, I want to stick it in your stash.
Girl, is your name Ramaladni? Cause I got a weapon that need socketing.
Gurl, are you Maghda? Cause you're giving me butterflies in my stomach.
Hey girl, do you know there's one more Angel besides Tyreal that falls from heaven? I just found her.
Hey gurl, stay awhile and listen.
I can't really lift a Demonic Tremor, but I've got a Strongarm.
I gotta pawn some of this stuff.
I like to use wands. But I think my "staff" likes you.
I sense a soul in search of answers.
I’m a quest giver, not a taker.
If you were an item in the auction house, i would stay up the whole two days and make sure nobody outbids me.
It seems you are the last item i need for this set collection.
I've been searching for you for a long time, babe. I was rather beginning to think you didn't want to be found.
Let me stick my soulstone into you.
My family was wiped out by the demons. Wanna help me make a new one?
Nice pair of orbs you got there.
Not even death can save you from me.
Oh, the things i',m going to do to you.
Please escort me out of here! I will pay anything! (D3)
Please take me with you. These villagers are so terribly dull! (D3)
Server is down. I am Up. Let's play. 😉
So, have angels and humans ever fallen in love? (D3)
The sanctity of this place has been fouled.
The warmth of life led me directly to you in this cold god-forsaken place
Vegetable bad! Meat Good! (D3)
Want me to place my gem in your socket?
What can I do for ya?
Who needs potions when i got you?
You have one Hellrack!
You know, I can whirlwind into your heart.
You look like another angel that fell from the heavens.
You look like you will enjoy some frenzy... With my sidearm.
You're an extraordinary one. Aren't you?
Are you Mortal Kombat? Your beauty has finished me
Babe, my soul is yours. Finish me any time.
Babe, Surrender to my majesty.
Come cold, because I'm freezing.
Come to a little tournament, he said. Be good for the career, he said.
Fatality.
Fear Me .. NOW
Fight!
Finish me!
Finisher her, they said.
Flawless victory!
Get over here!
Get over here!
Girl, show me some Brutality! Tonight.
Girl, your sexiness give me strength.
Give it up, baby. I’ve studied all your moves.
I challenge you to Mortal Kombat - in bed.
I guess you knew it would end this way.
I have looked into their souls… and yours.
I made a choice. This is our tournament, remember? Mortal Kombat. We fight it.
I make this look easy.
I only trust one person, and I am talking to her.
I want to test my might on you.
I will make order in your face.
I'll show you what's force.
Let’s dance.
Let's play a little.
Let's put chaos on your life.
Safeties disabled, combat mode engaged.
Show me what you can do!
Stay on the floor.
Sub Zero Wins.
There Are Fates Worse Than Death! Life without you.
This is where you fall down.
This thrust will be your last!
Toasty!
Use the element which brings life.
We are many, you are but one.
We got a guy with things comin’ out of his hands.
Who's in rain, will always be wet.
You can look into my soul, but you don’t own it.
You will serve me in the Netherrealm.
Your soul is mine!
Am I irreistable yet?
Are you Bella, because I want to be your Mortimer.
Are you from Barnacle Bay, because your ass is getting me arg.
Are you from Bridgeport? Because I want my bridge in your port.
Are you from Pleasantview, because you are a Pleasant view.
Are you in the criminal caller track, because you have stolen my heart.
Are you pyromaniac? Because you're on fire!
Are you sure you're not the one controlling me?
Are you the One, because I think I just found my soulmate.
Babe are you gorgeous or do you just have attractive moodlet?
Babe you are so hot, I am a firefighter who is going to satisfy you.
Babe, I got the Essence of Flavor.
Babe, I'd pick you up any time.
Babe, want some good vibes with me?
Babe, you are much more than an achievement for my Master Romancer.
Babe, you are my aspiration.
Babe, you are the cheat to make the motherload in my pants.
Babe, you are very alluring.
Babe, you must have the Super attractive hidden trait, because I am super attracted to you.
Baby.. You get me like a Plumbbob, High, high of the Ground, and I wanna be with you whenever you're in command.
Dang girl you look good! It’s Like Leonardo Da Vinci designed you in CAS.
Did it hurt When you fell from CAS?
Did you get flamefruit? Because you are super hot.
Do you have animal affection trait, because babe I will be an animal for you tonight.
Do you have the Kelptomaniac trait? Because you stole my heart.
Do you know SimFu? Because your body is kickin'!
Do you like to fulfill your sim's wish? Well I got a woohoo wish now.
Do you plan the Sims? Because I got the best expansion pack in my pants.
Do you 'plumb' here often?
Do you want to have a successful lineage with me and we can make a big happy family.
Do you want to join meter high club? I got your perfect membership here.
Every time seeing one gets me the 'having a blast' moodlet.
Girl, I will never let my dastardly trait get in between us.
Girl, instead of kiss, woohoo, getting married, and have kids all in one day. Let's do it in a life time.
Girl, would you like to explore on my rocket?
Girl, you are the only one who can activate my flirty trait.
Girl, your sim could sleep my bed any time.
God is playing the Sims, he wants me to meet you tonight.
Gonna get you to platinum baby!
Hey are you from Twinbrook? Cause you stole my heart like a crook!
Hey babe, wanna get us some good time moodlets.
Hey baby, what do you say we go back to my place and deplete our energy motives?
Hey do you have an extra Plumbob? Mine broke when I fell for you!
Hey there, can I buy you a nectar?
Hi I’m Bob. I’m Inappropriate and Flirty. Want to make some babies?
Honey, when I look at you... it gives me the eye candy moodlet.
How about me and you reticulate our splines?
How much simoleoons does it take for you to date me?
I do not want to simply be a Master Maker, I will be your Master Love to fabricate your wildest dreams.
I got an athletic skill of level 10, all leveled up from Woohoos.
I got the hopeless romantic trait, you are the only one who can make it less hopeless.
I have the Great Kisser trait. Wanna discover it?
I love your maxed out breast slider.
I pray to Sim God to make us woohoo.
I would like a good moodlet from you
I’ll show you my moodlet if you show me yours.
I'd love to Landgrabb your Crumplebottom.
I'd love to watch the sunset from your valley.
If your name Nina, because you are Caliente
Is that a hard post in your inventory? Or you are just happy to see me?
Is that a moodlet in your pocket or you are just happy to see me?
Is that a plumbob in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
My PlumBob + your PlumBob = Tiny PlumBobs.
My prescription is a daily dose of you.
Strangetown called, they want their exorbitant beauty back!
Testingcheatsenabled true, I just wanna get to know you 😉
This is the first time I think I got the hydrophobic trait, because I am drowning in your beauty.
Wanna go find the needle in the hay stack?
Wanna see how fast I can change into my underwear? Oh look I already did it!
Want to give my great kisser trait a test?
Want to see my hidden springs?
Were you winking at me or is that a glitch?
Woohoo and make a nooboo?
Woohoo skill level 10 baby.
Woohoo with you is my lifetime achievement.
Woohoo?
You and ambrosia have the same effect on me.
You are one more interaction away with me from a woohoo.
You are the alluring one babe.
You do not need high metabolism trait when you can just woohoo with me.
You don't want kids? It's fine we can always woohoo.
You got the unflirty trait? My flirty traits will match that.
You look like a million Simoleons.
You made my hidden springs hard.
You must be a kleptomaniac because you stole my heart.
You must be a life plant, because I never feel so alive in my life.
You must be from Strangetown? Because your beauty is not of this world!
You must be fun cuz you are what I need.
You’re the Simonely one for me.
Your Plumbob brings out your eyes.
You're as beautiful as a Sunset Valley morning.
You're my lifetime aspiration.
You're Unflirty? I know a little cheat that can change that 😉
All roads lead to Rome.
Are you from Mongolia? 'Cause I hear you're into domination.
Babe, I want to place my Wonder inside you, and you will gain some nice bonuses.
Babe, you are a Natural Wonder.
Baby are you the Shoshone because you’ve given me a great expanse.
Baby are your legs a religion? Cause entire civilizations would worship them if you spread em.
Baby do you own Krakatoa? Cause I won't believe my eyes when I see you work it!
Baby I’d bully a city-state for you.
Baby you so stacked that when I'm on top of you, I gotta move.
Baby, are you Krakatoa? Cause you look like you spawned in an unworkable tile in the middle of the ocean.
Baby, I got more luxury resources than The Netherlands.
Baby, you just set my focus to growth.
Can I bombard your capital?
Can I expand my civ into your civ?
Damn girl, if you and I got together, we'd get a theming bonus.
Damn girl, let's get in on like we chose Fertility Rites for our pantheon.
Did you try the latest expansion? Because you just took me by storm!
Girl is your ass a citadel? Cause when you drop that next to me I gotta make a move.
Girl you like an archaeologist, cause you something money can't buy.
Girl you must be the World Fair, cause the whole world wants you.
Girl, are you Future Tech? Cause once I do you I won't be able to do anything else.
Girl, do I have enough influence points with you to send envoys yet?
Girl, if I got with you the world would hate me for having a wonder they coveted.
Girl, let's have a research agreement to find the secrets of biology.
Girl, your legs are art that has the whole world coming.
Have you researched Replaceable Parts? 'Cause YOUR whole is more than the sum of its parts.
Hey girl, wanna come back to my room and see my World Wonder?
Hey there, Pacha-cutie, I'm Pachacuti, he who shakes your bed.
Hope he has oligarchy the maintenance will kill him.
I adopted Piety so I could worship you.
I got a Cothon at home, want me to start the "move date" project there?
I just upgraded my warrior into a battering ram if you know what I mean 😉
I'll be the Petra to your desert.
I'll be your companion cavalry; we can ride all day and night.
Ill dominate your culture baby.
I'll rush your production anytime.
I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours
I'm ALL about Domination…
I'm going for a domination victory.
Is that a Monument you're building, or are you just happy to see me?
Looks like I've found El Dorado right here in the bar - a whole city of gold.
May I pillage your luxuries?
My legions will build fortresses anywhere for you, baby.
My Tower of Pisa is not leaning anymore.
Prepare to gain +50% ranged attack because I'm about to garrison a unit in you.
Wanna make a new city together?
We were defeated, so this makes me your prisoner. I suppose there are worse fates.
Would you be interested in a trade agreement?
You get free era score if you Taj Mabahls!
You make me happier than Notre Dame.
You must be America, because you're my manifest destiny.
You must be Incan, your bumps look very fertile!
You must have built the Eiffel Tower, because your appeal is breathtaking!"
You put the babe in Babylon.
You see, I am a Cataphract: I'll ride HARD into your capital!
You’re my capital and I’m your Mehal sefari, the closer I am to you, the stronger I feel.
Your fountain of youth makes me smile.
Adept: Babe you ready? Glaive cannon armed.
Adept: Give me your command.
Adept: Why yes, you could say I have...some, skill.
Allow me to show you my ion thrusters.
Arbiter: Girl, I am just another soul in search of answers until I met you.
Archon: I'm having a FLARE UP!
Are we going to complete our merging any time soon?
Are you a mother-ship, because girl I can't see anyone but you.
Are you ghost?Because you are...the nuclear option.
Babe, I am in the Grandmasters League. I will be your Master in bed.
Babe, I never knew the true meaning of zerling rush until I came inside you.
Babe, I want to proxy your base tonight.
Babe, I will slip my DT in undetected.
Babe, if you are lucky tonight you might see the Goliath.
Babe, it's time to inject in your hatchery.
Babe, when I look at you I feel like YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL PYLONS!
Baby you put my tank in siege mode.
Baby, seeing you upgraded my Goliath with Charon Boosters!
Baby, staring into your eyes is the closest thing to re-discovering muta micro all over again in this world.
Banshee: This could get messy! Weapons Hot.
Battlecruiser: Babe, we are running low on synergy…
Blood Hunter: My blade thirsts with pleasure.
Blood Hunter: You have disappointments... I have solutions.
can I baneling bust your wall?
Can I nydus your main?
Can I saturate your expansion?
Can I shove my stim pack into your marine?
Can I stick my ultralisk in your spawning pool?
can oricale all over your workers?
Carrier: Let us finish this! The end has come!
Carrier: My patience is limitless...(quietly)...release the interceptors!
Carrier: This ship strikes as the spear of justice!
Centurion: What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object? I shall tell you once I meet an unstoppable force inside you.
Corsair: May I be of service? I shall be swift. Hold nothing back!
Cyclone: Systems go, Cyclone ready for action!
Dark Archon: We are as One.
Dark Templar: Babe, you are so hot...I...cannot maintain!
Did your heart just skip a beat?
Disruptor: I was designed to be a pacifist. But I will admit, when I get charged up, I've been known to explode.
Disruptor: Life as an artificial intelligence is really not so bad. You might even say it's "ballin.
Do you have a forge because I think you just fast expanded into my heart.
Do your eyes have kinetic shells because they just stopped me from getting away.
Dragoon: Drop your clothes! You have 15 seconds to comply.
Firebat: I'm not just some flash in a pants you know.
For the Terrans- You can send your mass marines into our base any day.
From the shadows I come.
Ghost: You know what I like. Now that's an ass-whooping.
Girl, I will enter your nat and hit your GG spot.
Girl, if you were a hatchery, I would be injecting like crazy.
Girl, you are what I want, I want to throw a bunker at your expansion?
Hey baby, I want to be the addon to your Factory.
Hey baby, my Pylon rise for you tonight.
Hey baby, wanna see my extended thermal lance?
High Templar: Babe, you know you want to go out with me. Your thoughts betray you.
High Templar: I think we could make a successful merger.
Holy Check, you are absolutely beautiful.
I am going to Zerg Rush you before you develop.
I am the ghost, I will find you, and we will nuke your base."
I could shoot and scoot with you all day.
I don't like to rush. But babe I'd rush your base tonight at the right time.
I get longer range when I'm in Siege mode.
I hope we get closer spawns next time.
I would dt your worker line any time.
I'd like to stick my spire between your science vessels.
If you're lucky, you'll get to see The Little One.
I'll let you build your cc in my base any day.
I'll let you have a piece of me anyday.
Ill make you scream like a dying kerrigan.
I'll warp my pylon in your base, if you know what I mean.
I'm going carriers and my interceptors are about to go pop.
I'm going to Nydus your backdoor, and you'll hear the scream.
I'm going to perform the Destiny Cloud Fist on you.
Imma put my ultralisk in your nydus canal.
Is that a Yamato cannon in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me.
It's evolution, baby!
Karass: Urgh. I wish I could not read your mind. But you are coming with me tonight.
Karax: I hope my drones are doing all right up there.
Karax: I see the grand design behind it all; the intricate machinery of the universe and everything within it.
Let me scout your entrance with my probe.
Lets go back to my hatchery and we'll see what evolves.
Let's spawn some broodlings, my queen.
Liberator: If there's a piece of ground you want secure, my liberator can handle it. Anywhere around it you're kinda on your own.
Marauder: Actually, that IS a grenade in my pants.
Marauder: Baby, if I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together…
Marauder: Baby...you really light my fuse (weapon fires) Whoops! (distant explosion heard) DAMN! Premature Detonation!
Marauder: I'm sooo sexy. I sometimes romance myself.
Marauder: What's your sign, baby? Mine's explosive!"
Marine: Keep your shirt on, Sparky.
May I put my firebat in your bunker?
Medic: Call me when the swelling goes down, on second thought, just call me.
Mind if i merge an archon in your pants?
Mind if I put my gear in your rear?
Mirage: What can you do for me? Well. I would like some weapons upgrades.
My bases are mined out. Mind if I expand into your natural?
My Battlecruiser will set a course and make it happen.
My queen... you just ensnared me. Wanna spawn some broodlings?
Oracle: It is destined. Our fates are one.
People call me Dark Archon, do you know once you go Dark Archon... you never come back?
Phoenix: We push ourselves to the end, and when we reach it, we push farther! So I guess that's not really the end...is it?
Protosses, Protii, Protossians, whatever. We've got something else for you to probe.
SCV: Say...ya got a reeeaaal pretty mouth...
Selendis: Destiny commands us!
Siege Tank: Hehe, man, I just LOVE blowin' things up!
Siege Tank: If the guns are churnin', your ass is burnin'! If the guns are blazin', your ass is... (gears grind) ...a raisin. I don't know, what do you want from me?
So many universes came before us, all of them turns in the Infinite Cycle…
Spectre: Goin' deep. I need more juice.
Spectre: You...complete me.
Stalker: Don't Blink...or you'll miss me!
Stim just finished upgrading, want to see if I can break your natural?
Tauren Marine: Here's the beef!
Tauren Marine: It's been long time since I had good milking.
Tauren Marine: You mess with the bull, you get the horns.
Tempest: Babe, I strike without warning. And your end has come.
Tempest: This vessel was not designed for social interaction!
Terra-Tron: Merged for rampage!
The moment I saw you, you EMPd my arbiter.
They call me The Overlord because when I'm done you'll be saying "Oh please don't let it be over, lord".
They call me the Shield Battery because I recharge in an instant.
Think you can handle my greater spire?
Thinking about you makes me warp in a pylon.
Viking: Well, grease my gears.
Wanna see how big and fast my natural expansion?
Wanna see my Dark Templar tattoo?
Want to see my wraith, chicks love the wraith.
We'd like to double your entendre.
We're on our first base already. Wanna step our macro up a notch and go to three?
What see my amazing APM tonight?
Whoa, my science vessels are at 200 energy the moment I met you.
Why don't we stop the silly games and make like zerglings.... with adrenaline glands... and speed.
You are so cute that you are simply OP.
You can call me the Baneling baby, 'cause I'm going to explode all over your face.
You can drop on my mineral line anytime.
You just turned my spire into a greater spire.
You look like you could use a Stim Pack.
You make my voidray fully charged.
You must be on 5 gas, because you're THE BOMB!
You raised my supply depot and I can't lower it.
You so hot, Nuclear launch detected.
Your face is a Terrin, Terrin at my heart
Alex: Going for the finale! You can't escape!
Alex: Okay. Let's rumble.
Alex: There's a lot of interesting people in the world like you.
Another fight is coming your way!
Are you a relaxed Street Fighter player? Because it's time to let things slide.
Are you Chun-Li? Because you got a lot of frame advantage.
Are you looking for ranked matches or casual matches?
Are you ready to take some damage and get stunned?
Are you related to Glass Joe? Because you're an easy Knockout!
Are you Viper? Because you are always stunning.
Babe are you Cammie? Because you can't drill safely.
Babe, A new warrior has entered the ring!
Babe, I am top tier because I will never hold back.
Babe, once we get started, there's no pull out all the stops!
Babe, you are triggering me tonight.
Balrug: Bust you up!
Birdie: 	I'll eat somethin' after this!
Birdie: Hehe… The taste of my chain… Delicious, ain’t it?
Cammie: 	I’ve heard about you. You’re coming with me.
Cammie: That feeling again… Is there a… pussy nearby?
Chun-li: Want to see my Kung-Fu? I'll show you.
Dhalsim: Hurry not, and be patient in seeking an answer, and it will reveal itself. Now get naked.
Dhalsim: The path to enlightenment stretches far beyond the reach of even these arms.
F.A.N.G: Am I too big? Oh, my my! It looks like you're already choking!
F.A.N.G: Finally, I have obtained a vessel capable of enduring my power!
F.A.N.G: I didn’t even get to use my best moves! I could defeat you with my little finger alone!
F.A.N.G: Nrgh... Well, we passed round two.
F.A.N.G: Two minutes! I'll finish you in two minutes!
F.A.N.G: You’ll never stand a chance against my poison with just muscles alone!
Get ready for action!
Girl, I will turn your critical gauge to MAX tonight.
Girl, once I get inside, there was no way out of that one!
Girl, want to see how long I could counter?
Guile: Enough with the chit-chat. Let's begin!
Guile: I like your moves. You've got what it takes to be a pro.
Guile: Your combos have improved, but your guard is still full of holes.
Guile: Your slow movements make you nothing more than a stationary target.
I am Guile, I always start with a boom.
I am the ultimate Street Fighter to get you climax combo finish.
I like the color of your fireball.
I wanna Dash Straight into your heart.
It's go time!
Juri: Ahaha! Stand up, you monster! Don't you wanna try and devour me?
Juri: Be a little more obedient. You want me to like you or not?
Juri: I kinda like you. Enough to want to bloody you even more!
Juri: I know better ways to use a chain. Want me to show you?
Juri: Let me hear your sweet scream.
Juri: There's nothing more satisfying than taking a girl like you down a notch!
Juri: Was it good for you, too?
Juri: Well then, where do you want me to break you first?
Karin: Beauty is refined in battle. Not realizing that is holding you back.
Karin: Every living thing has a weakness, but I guess that doesn’t apply to you…
Karin: I can see right through you!
Karin: I'll show you the divide in your ass!
Karin: That was mildly enjoyable. Let’s do it again sometime.
Karin: Wake up! I still have 999 matches left to meet today’s quota.
Ken: A little breeze like that just fans my flames even more!
Ken: Come on, let's turn up the heat.
Ken: Ever consider fighting more relaxed? You’re even making me feel tense!
Ken: Ha! I enjoyed fighting with you. Wanna go another round?
Ken: Hey! I was waiting for ya!
Ken: How many times is this? No worries. I never get tired of kicking your butt.
Ken: If you wanna fight fire with fire, you better bring the heat!
Ken: Not bad, that's what I was looking for.
Ken: Wow, those were some sharp kicks. But when it comes to raw power, mine are stronger.
Laura: Boom! That's how to start a fight and finish it quickly!
Laura: Come at me with a bang!
Laura: Phew! That was so much awesome, I couldn’t help but giggle!
Laura: Punishment time! Here we go! One more down!
Laura: Why is it when I look at you I get all… antsy?
Let the madness begin!
M. Bison: Beauty is nothing compared to all-conquering power!
M. Bison: Grovel before my Psycho Power!
M. Bison: Resistance is useless. My Psycho Power will annihilate all.
M. Bison: You should consider it an honor to have fallen by my hand twice!
Necalli: Devour-our-our…
Necalli: Give u…up. I’ll dr…drink your flames.
Necalli: Just a small bite… Far too me…meager to stop me.
No matter how you knocks me down, I will always come back up with quick recovery.
People call me Hadoken because I’m down right fierce.
Perfect Finish!
R. Mika: Pretty sweet moves! Can you teach me, too?
R. Mika: That was great fun! When do you think we can do it again?
R. Mika: The crowd won’t get excited if all you do is scream. But I will.
Rashid: Food? Are you hungry? We should grab a bite together!
Rashid: I'm summoning a storm!
Rashid: Searching for loved ones is hard. You just don’t know when to stop.
Rashid: You can only keep moving forward. Forget about the past.
Ready? This fighter's in the zone!
Ryu: I’ve honed a single attack the same way you’ve honed your body.
Ryu: Still got that perfect guard, huh? I need to work a bit on my own.
Ryu: The answers lies in the heart of battle.
Ryu: You are my path of destiny.
Ryu: Your fists show a lot of potential. I wait for the day we meet again.
Take care for now I bring chaos... with my fists!
The fight has finally begun. Which of these two will emerge on top?
Vega: I'll show you the epitome of beauty.
Vega: Let my beauty intoxicate you.
Vega: My beauty is absolute. No one will ever come close to me.
Vega: Your scream is filled with pain… Now let me hear it again.
Wanna see how I handle the Hardest setting?
Wanna see my Rising Dragon?
Want to experience how far my reach is?
Who will emerge victorious? My tongue.
Yeah, I've been waitin' for this!
You just gave a spinning bird kick to my heart.
Your block is no match for my Hadoken.
Zangief: Frowning so much will give you wrinkles! Always remember to smile!
Zangief: My iron body is invincible! So beware!
Zangief: Roaring muscles and deadly spin– that is the Red Cyclone!
Zangief: This body of steel is immovable, no matter how strong the wind blows.
Zangief: We both pushed to the limit! Good fight! Horosho!
Zangief: Well? Did my special training help you burn belly fat?
Ada Wong: Let's just get out of here. The sooner, the better.
Ada Wong: Some may think I’m wrong for you;, but I’ll make them think its right.
Albert Wesker: 7 minutes is all I can spare to love you.
Alexia Ashford: You want to see my body? You’re the only one who can see what’s under these plants.
Alfred Ashford: Kiss me like my sister always did.
Alyssa Ashcroft: You’re the top scoop right now.
Am I hallucinating? You have special mind controlling powers over me.
And i got another one with Lickers… But its too ugly.
Are you a laser defense grid? Cause when I'm around you I feel like I could crumble into little pieces.
Are you ready to be injected with my serum?
Are you T-virus? Because you turned me into a tyrant tonight.
Ashley Graham: Everyone expects to be innocent because I’m the president’s daughter, but that isn’t true.
Babe, I need to mix our herbs together so I can restore health.
Babe, I promise I got no fungus growing inside me.
Babe, if you are with me tonight, there's no way that I will try to conserve my ammunition.
Babe, want a taste of my Bioweapon?
Barry Burton: I’m getting up in age, but that won’t stop me.
Bruce McGivern: I like those international girls.
By the time we finish our raid mission, you will be covered in sweat.
Carlos Olivera: All the foxy ladies love my accent, but do you?
Chris Redfield: I took steroids. Believe me when I say that I still have a huge D!¢K
Cindy Lennox: I’ll serve you anytime.
Claire Redfield: I was looking for my brother, but now I just want to look at you.
David King: I’ll unclog you real good.
Do I Have Your Attention, Girl? You Are About To See Something Wonderful.
Do you have the L-Virus? ‘Cause when I saw you I fell in love.
Do you have the Z-Virus? Cause you're drop dead gorgeous
Do you work for Umbrella Corp? Because you have turned me into a mindless zombie wanting your flesh.
Do you work for Umbrella Corp? You got what it takes to mutate and regenerate me
Fong Ling: It will take me a while to warm up to you, but once I do, I can’t get enough.
George Hamilton: Say hello to Dr. Feel Good.
Girl, are you ready for Complete.Global.Saturation inside you tonight?
Girl, I got the perfect B.O.W. in my pants.
Girl, I work for the BSAA, time to strip so I could inspect your infection.
Girl, want me to show you the type of regenerative power I got?
Helena Harper: This is a waste of time, but you’re not.
Hey Hunnigan, no glA$$es…
Hunk: Even my name tells you I’m S#xy.
I am a Licker, want to see how powerful my tongue action in bed?
I am coming for you its because you're a flirt.
I can't keep running away, I have to face the truth of wanting you.
I got a Tyrant in my pants.
I really wanted to escape with you... escape from everything.
I want to inject you with MY C-Virus.
I will always mutate for you.
i you’re looking mightily mediocre and I would like to buy you a medium priced drink.
I’m feeling a little turn off today, can you turn me on?
I'm just a man who fell in love with you. Nothing more.
Ingrid Hunnigan: Anytime you wanna hook up, just call. Billy Coen: I heard you like bad boys, is that true?
Is it hot in here, or is my 5 winter coats making me feel hot?
Is your name Jill? Because I would like Jill sandwich.
Itchy. Tasty.
Jake Muller: Are you all too easy?
Jessica Sherawat: I like you. I’m even willing to dress in shorts when its freezing outside. I want you to notice me.
Jill Valentine: I’ll always be your valentine.
Jim Chapman: You can ride on my subway any time.
Josh Stone: Maybe you should consider a career change. You can be my team mate instead.
Kevin Ryman: Hey tiger.
Krauser: I got a giant muscle, and I’m not talking about my mutated arm.
Leon Kennedy: Only you can mess up my hair.
Look, you have two choices here: XXX or be XXXed. Your call!
Luis Sera: Hey mamacita, you’re looking good.
Manuela Hidalgo: I get so hot when you’re around.
Mark Wilkins: I’m your security guard, I will always protect you.
Merchant: Ahhh, I’ll buy you at a high price.
No Leon, just because it’s Valentines does NOT mean you can stick it up the WONG hole.
Ozwell Spencer: I may be old, but I have a lot of experience in the love department.
Parker Luciani: Was it a nice ride?
Piers Nivans: I’ll die for youExcella Gionne: Are you ready for me?
Rachel Foley: I wish you would motorboat me.
Raymond Vester: The fun is just getting started.
Rebecca Chambers: I’ll be your S#xy nurse.
Saddler: I’ll impale you, even if you don’t want me to.
Salazar: I may be little, but that doesn’t mean my S#x isn’t good.
Seven Minutes. Seven Minutes Is All I Can Spare To Play With You.
Sherry Birkin: I’m tougher than I look. That also applies in bed.
Sheva Alomar: I may not be as big as you, but I can handle it.
Steve Burnside: I’m mutated, but at leastmy D!¢K is bigger.
Sure, I’m not human any more, but just look at the love I’ve gained!
What’s your Zombie Survival Plan and How can I become A part of it?
Yoko Suzuki: I’m peS#xe, I hope you don’t break me with that monster.
You know what this is about, so just hand over the G-spot!
You wanna tongue-punch my boulders?
Anduin Wrynn: I'm in love with your Divine Spirit.
Are you a 12 win arena deck because THOSE ARE SOME NICE CURVES.
Are you a buff? Because I want to draw my Quest Card.
Are you a priest? Because you just thoughtstole my heart.
Are you a taunt card? Cause I've just gotta hit that.
Are you a Warsong Commander? Cause my Emperor Cobra just got charge.
Are you an expert at Arena drafting? Cuz your curves are lookin' nice.
Are you Demon Hunter or Warlock? Because you just stole my heart.
Are you Nozdormu? Cause I'd only last 15 seconds.
Are you ranked play because I could grind you all night long.
Are you sylvannas? Cause you just stole my heart.
Are you wearing contacts or are those amazing Naturalize
Babe, do you want to experience some Overkill in bed tonight?
Babe, you want to check out my Descent of Dragons in bed?
Damn girl, that ass belongs in a museum.
Discard that and my Tiny Knight of Evil will become a Fearsome Doomguard. .
Do you have the Magnetic ability? Because I want to merge with you tonight.
Do you wanna see my collection? I've got a Giant Anaconda..
Garrosh Hellscream: Nothing can Execute my love for you!
Get down!
Get down! WHAM
Girl are you a warlock? Because I'd pay life to tap that.
Girl you are so hot, my minion is instantly reborn after you destroyed it.
Girl, call me chakki cause I'm going to give you an over the top BM
Girl, you are the legendary in my deck.
Girl, you leave me speechless 'cause you're a keeper.
Give me a big hug.
Great now my legion is burning too. I knew i should've used protection.
Gul'dan: I'd abandon my Succubus to be with you.
Hey baby, are you Vicious Fledgling? Because I'd always pick you first.
Hey baby, wanna watch me deck my self.
Hey bae, wanna see my 'Wild Growth'?
Hey girl are you Naxx, cus I heard you were coming soon.
Hey girl, are you a raid leader? Cause you look like you're looking for someone that can handle hitting that very hard
Hey girl, I wanna take you to value town tonight.
Hi there. If we get busy, I'd like my minion to have divine shield.
Hit it very hard!
How much does a Chillwind Yeti weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I guess you can call me a hunter, cause your face is all I can think about.
I just Smite be in love with you.
I may not be good looking, but I'm ranked 20 online.
I might as well play my whole hand here, because after seeing you, I know this has to be a miracle.
I saw you playing with that coin so I though I'd make the first move.
I would give you a 10/10, but I am gonna call you a 4/5 because everything about you scream value.
I'd holy fire my Sylvanas to have you on my side
If I showed you The Beast, would you let out a Savage Roar?
If you were a minion, you'd be a 10/10.
I'm a Loot Hoarder, will you be my Fireblast?
I'm like Brann Bronzebeard- I can make you trigger twice.
Is that a Hearthstone deck in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
It's time for a little blood.
It's time to bleed.
I'VE GOT A HUGE GUN.
I've got the beast in my sights!
Jaina Proudmoore: I'd use Ice Block to get another turn with you.
Just me and Mr. Bitey!
Just one look and you've popped my Ice Block.
Know why the ladies call me Nozdormu? It's definitely the 8/8 dragon part.
Lord Jaraxxus: You face Jaraxxus, Eredar Lord of the Burning Legion!
Malfurion Stormrage: I've really Starfallen for you!
Mgrlrllrl.
My Bestial Wrath lasts more than one turn.
My favorite Hearthstone hand is when yours is holding mine.
My hammer burns with holy fire.
My magic will tear you apart!
Nature isn't the ONLY THING RISING AGAINST YOU.
Nature will rise against you.
Pass me that arclight spanner.
Ready for Action!
Ready to Ride!
Rexxar: Your love has tamed the beast within!
SilverMoon shall not fall!
SQUIRE! ATTEND ME!
The end is coming!
The Hearthstone game isn't the only thing getting an expansion this week.
The pleasure is. . .yours
This Wild Growth will show you the Power of the Wild.
Thrall: My heart is overloaded with love for you.
Times up, let's do this!
Uther Lightbringer: Baby, you can call me Uther Lovebringer.
Valeera Sangulnar: Your love warms my Cold Blood.
wanna be my houndmaster? Because i've got a huge beast.
Wanna blow somethin' up?
Wanna hang out with a Handlock? I just keep tapping 'till I drop the giant.
Want to experience some Inner Fire tonight?
Watch your back.
WELL MET!
WHAT YOU WANT! Baby I got it.
Yo you gettin' wet? Cause ma blade be t'irsty
You get me so excited I’m going to Lava Burst.
You have to be mana coz' I'm addicted to you!
You must be a Goldshire Footman, because I'm READY FOR ACTION!
You must be Alexstrasza because I've spent half my life looking for someone like you.
You'll love my new recipe
Your "Soul" shall be mine!
Your body is like a treasure. Mind if I roll need?
Your name must be Naxx, cuz i been waiting a lifetime for you.
YOUR SOUL SHALL BE MINE... and your heart.
You've got Flare. And if you use it right, it'll reveal my Snake Trap.
Are you sleeping? I promise not to rally your base tonight.
Are you tired? You can rest in my Sanctuary any time.
Babe, are you ready for some action. I will not stop trying until I zero your pussy tonight.
Babe, check out my secret stash.
Babe, I am down to solo you any time.
Babe, I got gems in my pocket.
Babe, you are my T5 units. It took me years of research to get to you.
Babe, you have captured my heart in your fort.
Drop your shield and I will tap your juicy base tonight.
Girl, are you Lords Mobile? Because you are making me go from F2P to P2W tonight.
Girl, are you the perfect trap? Because you just ate up my titans.
Girl, I can gather your RSS tile all night long.
Girl, I want you to be the queen in my castle.
Girl, let's see if your stronghold pussy is strong enough for my might.
Girl, the only trap I want to hit tonight is you.
Girl, use me on your Altar any time. I will give you a temporary boost for hours.
How many rallies does it take to capture your heart?
I am P2W in Lords Mobile. You will fall under the might of my wallet.
I don't need KvK, I just want some solo PvP action with you.
I want you to be my familiar, because I will merge you in my Mystic Spire.
Instead of fighting in the Colloseum, how about we fight in my bed.
Join my rally lead in Lords Mobile tonight and I will show you a good time with some nice kills.
Let's forge our alliance so we could conquer our enemies together in love!
Let's play dangerously, how about I only shield up when I am about to come.
So, where is the speed up for you to fall in love with me like in Lords Mobile.
The only forest I want to travel slowly tonight is yours.
Want to enter my labrinth and tap my dark monster? You might just hit the jackpot and get the Gemming Gremlins.
Would you be my R4?
You are so hot, you can invade my turf any time.
You can hit this monster any time.
You made me start a rally in my pants tonight.
Add me, I just got a light cow girl SD waiting for you.
Are you a b10 dungeon? Cuz I'd spend all my energy running through u all day baby girl
Are you an Occult Girl? I'll be your Teddy Bear.
Are you Lich in Necropolis? Because you have made me yours.
Are you my missing twin? Because we would dance well together.
Are you ready to fight and farm this Giant's Keep?
Are you Summoners War? Because you are draining the last bit of my energy.
Babe, can I enter your secret dungeon tonight?
Babe, do you want me to farm your dungeons fast? Or should we do it safe?
Babe, how many sets of Will did you equip? Do I need to come back after another round or two.
Babe, how much accuracy do I need to break your defense?
Babe, how much crystal do I need to spend on you to summon you intro my world?
Babe, I'll enter your dimension hole any day to second awaken my monster.
Babe, want to keep on rerolling in my bed until you are satisfied?
Babe, you are all the Glory that I want from arena battles.
Baby do you have 100% accuracy? 'Cause I'm having trouble resisting you.
Bring out the Burning Whip, I have Trained Skin.
Damn baby, you're like a Chloe in the streets but a Raki in the sheets.
Did you rune yourself with Despair? Because girl you have stunned me.
Do you know Head to Head is one of the daily quest?
Does your father play summoners war? Because he summoned the best monster ever.
Girl are you Devilmon? Because I want to use you to skillup my moves.
Girl are you the Dragon for dragon's lair? Because thinking about you gave me continuous damage.
Girl, are you magical essence? cause you awaken my inner monster.
Girl, are you Tartarus? Because you keep on changing your weakness.
Girl, I am all about Swift and SPD. You will come so fast you will not know what hit you.
Girl, I will enter your rift all day long for my Fight and Enhance Runes.
Girl, let's see how long you can last against my Trial of Ascension.
Girl, we got the perfect synergy comp to handle any battles.
Girl, would you prefer crystals or credit card? Because I got both.
Girl, you are so hot, you have given me violent runes that I can go again and again.
Girl, you are the perfect fusion.
Girl, you have awakened me and now I finally have a name for myself instead of just another monster.
Hey babe, want to pull the trancendance scroll in my pants and see what natural 5* you will get?
Hey there giiirl, I have a feeling you're Orion, because I'm STUNNED!
Hey, my name is Theo and no matter what you do, I'll crush your defense and make you mine.
I don't need no isle of conquest, the only siege battle I want is with you.
I wanna be your Belladeon, so I can be with you anywhere you go.
If all goes well, I'll give you the Monkey Wand.
If I go and destroy you a chunk at a time just how much will you be able to endure?
If you would exist in this game, you would be 7* because your beauty is out of this world.
I'm as addicted to you as I'm addicted to summoners war.
I'm not exactly a violent runed guy but I'd hit that twice.
I'm throwing my best lines at you in hopes you won't Resist.
Is your defense broken? Because this monster is ready to penetrate you.
Is your name Ariel? Because you look like an angel.
Is your name Chloe? Because you're immune to my charm.
Is your name Seara? Because you blow me away.
Let's do our repeat battle all night in bed, until this Monster reaching its MAX level.
Let's have repeat battle all night long until we run out of energy or 10 runs.
My Attack Bar is going up for you.
The only rift raid that I want to enter is you.
The only Wish that I want is you.
This alcohol is the accuracy against your resistance.
Want to do some RTA in my bed?
Want to fuse with me and see what Natural 5 that we can make?
Want to pull this mystical scroll in my pants and see what amazing monster you will get?
What we are doing tonight, we will not need no Shield.
You are making my attack bar go up and I'm about to make my move!
You are welcome into my Secret Dungeon any time.
You feeling kinky? Let's have some fun in Punisher's Crypt tonight.
You must be a nat 5, because I would spend thousands of crystals for you.
You must be Copper because I'm Randy and we'd do well together.
Am I an imposter? You have to spend the night with me to know.
Are you a nurse? Because I want you to be my MedBay.
Are you a task? Because all I want to do is you.
Are you a vent? Because I can totally dig into you.
Are you an imposter? Because you just done sabotaged my mind.
Are you in navigation? You just chart a course to my heart.
Are you the imposter? Because you just broke me.
Babe I will close the door if it locks the both of us together.
Babe, an angel is among us. And that is not me.
Babe, are you an asteroid? Ready for my incoming laser?
Babe, this is not a gun in my pocket. I am just happy to see you.
Babe, you hold the wires that jumpstart my heart.
Babe, your sweet body is running around my mind on the cam.
Be my crewmate forever.
Can you come to the med bay with me? Only your love can fix my heart.
Damn girl, it is important to fix Comms. How about you give me your number?
Damn girl, you meltdown my heart. Are you the reactor sabotage?
Did you just fix the electrical? Because you are stunning.
Did you sabotage O2 because you take my breath away
Did you sabotage the shield? Because all of my guards are down.
Girl I am going to break down your wall.
Girl, all the maps lead to you.
Girl, I need you to fix my wires hanging out.
Girl, I voted you into my heart at first sight.
Girl, I will never the the imposter with you.
Girl, you need a kill cooldown. Because you just owned me.
I am not an imposter. My feeling for you is true.
I didn’t vent but if you’re in there, I would.
I want to align our inner engine outputs.
I want to procrastinate on my tasks and just watch you at Security.
I will scour the deepest ends of you.
If you were in the cafeteria, you would be the only snack I choose from the vending machine.
It's only Polus because us are in it.
It's time to navigate this to the bedroom.
Let's be sus together as one.
My soul has left the game with you.
No one can sabotage the love between you and I.
No sabtoged comms will stop me from reading your mind.
No tasks are too tiring with you around.
Somebody call an emergency meeting. I think I finally found the one.
Someone might have sabotaged the lights, but you are still my shiny star.
That scan cannot show all the love I have for you.
The next task is to connect with your heart.
The only task I want is you.
The only thing that would separate us is the reactor.
There's so much electribity between us we can power the whole ship.
Vote me off anytime, because I would die for you.
Were you in navigation, because you led me to you.
Where is the body? I just know that I am missing my heart.
Without you, I feel like a dead body in electrical.
Would you be the Witness to my Medbay Scan?
You are not just a crewmate, you are my soulmate.
You must be Sus. I saw you break my heart the other day.
Your shield is no match for me.
You're sabotaging my O2 levels because you are breathtaking.
Are you a geo? I want you because you are down to earth.
Are you a pyro? Because you are smoking hot.
Are you electro? Because you are so stunning.
Are you hydro? Because you a make me wet.
Babe you a pyro, you heat me up.
Babe, are you weaker to burst damage or damage over time?
Babe, do me like a dutiful maid would.
Babe, Genshin Impact destroyed my wallet. I would rather spend on you instead.
Babe, how many exp would I get if I smash that pussy?
Babe, time to switch and combo our elements together.
Babe, you are my 5-star.
Babe, you are my final quest.
Babe, you are my top tier.
Babe, you are the final entry in my Adventure's Handbook. And I would like to complete it.
Check out this 5 star unit in my pants.
Did you have fun with Genshin Impact? I know a game more fun called Smashin' Impact?
Enough of Co-op in game, how about we do some co-op in bed?
Forget about rolling the banners, how about we roll between the sheets.
Generate my orbs and I'll unload some elemental burst to blow your mind.
Girl, I got several characters in my team. My finger, tongue, and dick. Ready for some combo play?
Girl, let's check our synergy. Do we react or resonate?
Girl, you are so refined.
Girl, you are worth it. I am going to blow all my resin on you tonight.
Girl, you got zero resistance nor immunity to the weapon in my pants.
Girl, you made my wish come true when I rolled you.
Girl, you must be from the beautiful goddess banner.
Girl, you teleported into my heart.
I am down to explore your Abyssal Domain any time.
I can be the main DPS and you can support my attacks.
I would hit that level cap of yours to make you ascend all night long.
I'll never want to re-roll you in my life.
Offer your spirit to my hard statue bade, I'll give you some permanent buffs.
The only gacha I want is you.
Want to check out my ultimate combo to DPS that sweet pussy of yours?
You are my one and only wish.
You are the latest character in my life. Girl I am ready to destroy my wallet to wish you into my world.
You know what is better than plant life? We make our own life.
You must be a hydro because your beauty drowns me.
You must be anemo because your beauty blows me away
Your beauty shocked me, you must be an electro.
Your body is my shrine, I am going to hit all of them.
A night with me will be the Death to your Purity.
All Atlas maps lead me to you.
Are you a follower of Innocence? I am here to challenge your faith.
Are you PoE, because I can grind and farm you all night long.
Are you ready to be harvested by my thirst?
Babe, I am Kitava for your bod.
Babe, you really buff me. You gave me Endurance Charge, Frency Charge, and Power Charge.
Babe, you so hot you stun me with your looks.
Come have some little exchange with me in my hideout.
Do you prefre me to finish inside or use portal out method?
Do you want my melee, projectile, or magic attack?
Girl you are so hot, what is the drop rate of your pants?
Girl, did you just die? Because I'll be naked with you at the Beach.
Girl, I don't care what you have been through. I will make incursion into your past and improve our love.
Girl, I got some skill gems to slot into your gears.
Girl, I got the Jeweller's orb that can insert some sockets into you.
Girl, I want to enter into your Lord's Labyrinth every day.
Girl, I will use my fusing orb to get some sweet links with your sockets.
Girl, my corrupted orbs are ready to brick your gears.
Girl, we are in the same league, want to party and have a good time?
Girl, what I am about to do will penetrate your shield.
Girl, you are the only one who can bring an end to my Hunger.
Girl, you got negative resistance against my Chaos attack.
Hey Exile, want to call my home yours?
I am a cyclone boy that can mess you up on the inside.
I am Zana the Master Cartographer, ready to map out your entire body.
I feel your passion igniting and burning me.
I want to delve into that sweet Azurite Mine of yours, deep into the depth and unknown.
I want to turn your deserted land into some sweet Wetlands.
I will be your minion forever.
If love is Eternal, I'd never restore you.
If you are a recipe, I would do you anytime on my crafting table.
I'll carry you through any boss, and in bed.
Meeting you, I have finally fulfilled the prophecy.
My love for you will get through any item filter.
Ready to get to that next Ascendency class tonight?
So, which guardians do I need to defeat to get the keys into your heart?
Summon me any time.
Take missions from you Master.
Wanna feel my Gem in your Socket?
Want me to save you from the evils of Wraeclast? Then show me your boobs.
Want to check out my Uber DPS two handed weapon?
Want to play hardcore? I can get you off in one try.
Want to see my scepter of god exile?
Want to see the Divination Card I just got? It's you.
Want to see who can race to the finish?
With me, you never have to SSF anymore, you could party with my D any time.
You are absolutely stunning! You are why i spec into Unwavering Stance!
You are the Atlas of the Worlds to me.
You are the flicker-strike to my multi-strike
Your evasion and dodge is no match for my critical strike.
Are you a party girl? I'll show you a good time with my bubble wand.
Are you a plantera? Because I am ready to deflower you.
Are you into dungeon play?
Are you ready for the special event, let's see how many waves of this Old One's army that you can take.
Babe, my suspicious looking tentacle is ready to expose nearby treasures underneath your shirt.
Babe, want to give this infinite drill mount a ride of a life time?
Babe, want to start a new world together?
Babe, you are rainbow tier.
Babe, you hooked my soul with first sight.
Babe, your Wall of Flesh gets me into Hard Mode fast.
Check out my awesome pickaxe.
Did you just dig a long tunnel? Because babe I am killed from falling for you.
Did you just use the bewitching table? Because you just got me as your minion.
Get ready, a new wave of me is coming.
Girl you so sexy, you made my Skeletron into Skeletron Prime.
Girl, are you ready to go deep with me?
Girl, do you want to play dirty?
Girl, I could work you all night long on my crafting stations.
Girl, I will dig all over the world to find the perfect gem for you.
Girl, I will get you so high so that you reach the floating island.
Girl, what item do I need to give in order to mount you?
Girl, you need some wood?
I can build a home with you with all my hearts.
I got the hammer and I am ready to use it on you any time.
I got the hearts for you.
I will dig to the center of the biome for you.
Let's get some Terraria PvP action going, in bed.
Let's take our relationship to the next level, ready for some multiplayer terraria?
My favorite biome is wherever your spawn point is.
My life is empty, you are the life crystal and life fruit that completes me.
No it's not the eye of Cthulhu, it's just my balls.
No matter where you are, I will travel the entire Terraria world to find you.
Only you can stop the spread of hallow in my world.
Ready for some corrupting tonight?
Slime is falling from the sky! I can make more where that comes from.
So, which biome do I need to frequent to meet you?
Spawn point set in my bed. Girl use that magic mirror now.
The air is getting colder around you…Let me give you some of my warmth.
This Destroyer is going to give your pussy a good time.
This is going to be a terrible night…until you met me.
Time to fight Eater of Worlds, while I become the Eater of You.
You are my sunflower that keeps me going.
You are the best loot that I have found in my life.
You feel an evil presence watching you…and I shall protect you.
You feel vibrations from deep below…yup that's my Destroyer.
Are you a DIY recipe? Because I would rather do you myself in the comfort of my personal island.
Are you a hacker for Animal Crossing? Because you just made this softwood into hardwood.
Are you a Turnip? Because I am checking you out every day and spoil you on Sunday.
Are you free? My island's turnip price is 624 now.
Are you ready for a long adventure? My golden tools last longer than anyone.
Are you Tom Nook? Because I want to go into crippling debt with you.
Are you using the island design app? Because you just got the permit to transform my heart.
Are you Wisp? Offer me something that I don't have yet, and I will say I want you.
Babe, did you just make a wish? My Star Wand is here to make your clothes fall off.
Babe, I want to plant my seeds in you.
Babe, no House is A-Ok, we can do it in the tent.
Did you plant pitfall seeds? Because you made me fall for you.
Do you fly often to other islands? My gate is always open for you.
Feel free to shake my tree anytime, but can I pick your flowers?
Girl I got bells.
Girl, I am no Crazy Redd, the only love I have for you is real.
Girl, I could use my vaulting pole across your rivers all night long.
Girl, I want to craft some sweet loving with you on my workbench.
Girl, I want to hammer you and craft you all night long.
Girl, shake my wood for some tasty rewards.
Girl, the only villager I want on my island is you.
Girl, you are adorable five stars.
Girl, you could have these iron nuggets anytime you want.
Hey babe, want to reach for my hard to get tarantula?
Hey babe, why don't you open up those gates and let me come in.
How do I unlock you as a villager?
I am tired of online play, let's take our relationship to the next level with party play.
I can visit your island all day long.
I don't need any special events, because every day spent with you is special.
Is it too soon too invite you to live on my island?
It's time to take our relationship to the next level, let's be Best Friends.
Let's be Best Friends so I could dig up your island and deflower you.
My island is missing an important villager, you.
Nice island you got there.
Out of everyone's island, I love yours the most because it is the only one with you in it.
There is always space on my island for this sexy lady.
Want to see how I could make your Manilla clams squirt?
What bait do I need to catch this rare beauty of yours?
You are the New Horizon that I have been looking for all my life.
You are the perfect piece of art. Every time I see you my face gets Crazy Redd.
Your heart is my mystery island, I long for it every night.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Babe, my loot stash is not complete without you.
Babe, would you like to join my stream? Physically.
Do you know why you’re so full of sugar these days? Because you’re the sweetest!
Everyone out here is for the game, but the only thing I care about is you.
Girl, do you play game of life? Because I can watch you all night long any time.
Girl, do you want more than Just Chatting?
Girl, you so fine your booty is the best loot tonight.
Girl, you want to turn this VR game into a real life interactive one?
I hate FPS games because whenever I’m in game with you, I can’t take my eyes of you.
I have subscribed to you at first sight.
I heard you stream horror games? Great because my life would be scary without you.
I never want to stream against without you.
I want you to be my number 1 streamer for the rest of my life.
If you ever doubt yourself dear, believe in me… I am your biggest fan.
I'll carry you to anywhere you want, including my bed.
Let’s flip a coin, heads you’re mine, tail I’m yours!
Let's have a 1vs1 in any game you want.
No matter where you stream, I am where you are.
Now I know where to spend the rest of my life, on your stream.
Wanna come back to my base and have a good time?
We are the perfect couple because we work as a unit.
When did you come? Because you just blew me away.
Where have you been all my league?
Where is the best drop point? Into your heart.
You are the reason why I stream.
You look like my next girlfriend.
You might just be a streamer in the world. But you are my entire world.
You said you can carry anyone anywhere anytime? How about carrying this dick?
Are you Aerith? Let's not let the Ancients go extinct tonight.
Are you chocobo? Because I want to ride you so bad.
Babe, everyone is side quest until I met you.
Babe, I can totally limit break on that fine ass of yours.
Babe, I will join the Avalanche to fight all the Shinras in the world for you.
Babe, no Whisper is going to stop me from being with you. It's Destiny.
Did you equip steal Materia? Because you could only steal my heart once.
Girl, I am about to come to the edge of creation.
Girl, I got Gils.
Girl, I got zero resistant nor immunity against you.
Girl, is it your turn or my turn for the punisher mode?
Girl, my Type-0 Behemoth horn is hard for you.
Girl, our materias are linked.
Girl, summon me now.
Girl, you are all the SP and EXP I desire.
Girl, you could issue command anytime without ATB bar.
I am gonna put life stream energy into your mako reactor.
I am overcharging my attack into you.
I got the perfect Materia to socket into your pants.
I had my eyes locked on you the first time I saw you.
I want to land my critical attack on that sexy bod of yours.
Issue command to allies in my bed now.
Let us defy destiny, together.
Let's get some Hojo mojo on, we need some data on your f*cking potential.
My name is Cloud, I got a big sword and I know how to swing it right.
Our world will become one…one day.
The first thing I want to do is to use Assess Materia on you.
Want to check out my focused thrust skill? I will get you to feel some Infinity's end.
Want to go to 7th Heaven?
Want to see how I could stagger attack that pressured pussy of yours?
Will you be the Aerith to my Cloud?
Will you be the Tifa to my Cloud?
Your pussy's weakness is my thrust attack.
All map packs in COD lead me to you.
Are you a flash grenade? Because you are stunning!
Are you a frag grenade, cause you just blew me away.
Are you a newb in bed? I can train you to be pro.
Are you a weapon? Because I got my X to pick you up.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
Are you using hax? You made me hard.
As soon as you walk in the room, I got my LOS with you babe.
Babe, I don't need no scope to land some hits on you.
Babe, I got wonderful aims with my barrel and I know how to use it.
Babe, I will always have enough ammo for you.
Babe, your hot body makes me wanna spray and pray.
Bomb me with your boobs girl.
Call me a camper, because I will always surprise you from behind.
Can I Double Tap your bouncing bombs?
Darling, you are my true duty before Call of Duty.
Do you believe at first sight? Or should I stop sniping you?
Do you come here often? Or just because of bad spawns?
Do you like my long barrel.
Do you prefer headshot, body shot, or coming inside?
Forget about CoD, let's play my Cock instead.
Full Metal Jacket is necessary for deeper penetration.
Girl are you head glitching, because just your head makes me explode.
Girl I want to capture your flag, made out of your undies.
Girl you hax my heart.
Girl, do you have sleight of hand? Because I hear you give pretty fast hand jobs.
Girl, I am going to search and destroy your strike zone.
Girl, I got a hardpoint to show you.
Girl, I want you bad no matter what your loadout is.
Girl, I'll totally give my headshots to you.
Girl, would you be interested to complete the Fucking Objective to unlock the new trophy?
Girl, you blast shield isn't strong enough for millions of mini me.
Girl, you hot IRL.
Girl, you hotter than a M2 Flamethrower.
Give me head after I land a headshot on you?
Have you fallen from heaven? You must be a care package.
How many COD points does it take to unlock on nudes?
How many shots does it take to satisfy you? I got many reloads babe.
I ain't about KDR girl, the real deal is CDR, cum dick ratio.
I ain't going to Turtling my turtle anymore.
I am a choob, want to see my true skill?
I am a straight shooter for your heart.
I am dying to double tap that wonderful underpass of yours.
I am legendary.
I am pro with both my game and my dick.
I hope your head IRL is as soft as in game.
I know how to use my guns in any position.
I must be a noob, because I want to use this tube.
I promise I won't explode quickly.
I'd die a million times for you even if it mess up my K/D ratio.
Instead of dropping the bomb in game, how about we get some action in bed?
Is your name Duty? Because I love to answer your calls.
Is your Tac resist strong enough for my 9-bang? We better test it out.
My aimbot is strong for your pussy.
My dick is FFA, come get a piece of the action.
My love for you will never get nerfed.
My predator missile is coming for you.
No pulling out, I am emptying shells into you tonight.
Oh babe you destroyed me in COD today? My turn to destroy you tonight in bed.
Ready for some KEM to your chasm?
Ready to get your pussy overkilled?
So what do I need to do in order to spawn inside you?
Some thing is wrong with my auto-aim, I can't take it off you.
That's not m60 nor Ak in my pants, I am just happy to see you.
Up for PK action in bed?
Want a private match of COD in bed?
Want to have a DM on who's coming first?
WOOT time for some
You are the only bomb that I don't mind being blown up with.
You blow me girl, like a C4.
You blow me so hard I am about to give you a headshot.
You capture my hardpoint.
You could pwn me anytime.
You looking amazing in that CoD outfit girl.
You make me hard at first scope.
You so hot you are just a shiny blob of light in thermal scope.
You sure know how to handle my grenades. I explode in seconds.
All extra lives are meaningless if they are not with you.
Are you a brick block? Because I can Ground Pound you all night long.
Are you a green mushroom, because you just gave me an 1-up in my pants.
Are you a Mario level? Because I will get you off in 300 seconds.
Are you a Mystery Box? Because I want to give you head and find out what secret you hold.
Are you a pipe? Because I would like to come inside you.
Are you Boo? Because I cannot stop looking at you.
Are you ready for a new world?
Are you ready to party? Mario Party.
Are you yoshi? Because I could mount you any time of the day.
Babe, are you a feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
Babe, are you a fire flower? Because you are too hot to handle.
Babe, are you a mushroom? Because girl you make me big.
Babe, no Bros are going to stop me from you.
Babe, once you turn the switch on, there is no turning back.
Babe, ready to get pierced with this Bullet Bill?
Blow this whistle and we could travel to a whole new world.
Clean out my tube good girl.
Come ride my yoshi, he is very friendly and got strong tongue action.
Did you just lose your P-wing? Because you fell out of the sky.
Do you prefer thrust dashing or just stumping?
Do you wonder what a naked Princess Peach would look like? Let's give you a tiara and find out.
Don't be afraid, the world is amazing if I could just pop your bubble.
Feel free to touch my flagpole anytime, and I will shoot sweet white fireworks at you.
Forget about that Luigi, go for this stud Mario.
Girl a night with me is like the Rainbow Road straight to your Star World.
Girl are you Nabbit? Because you have stolen my heart and run away.
Girl are you Princess Peach? Because I want to be your Mario.
Girl are you really Princess Peach? Because I want to find out what you really taste like.
Girl being with you is not just a journey, it's an Odyssey, I am in for the long haul.
Girl I heard you like to explore? How about tonight we explore some of those secret exits that are hard to find?
Girl I'll get you to orgasm Bob-omb style, you will feel the suspense of massive explosion coming.
Girl you just gave me a 1-up in my pants.
Girl, I can Thwomp you all night long.
Girl, like Mario, I would topple empires to get to you.
Girl, my tongue is like a piranha flower, ready to eat you out any time.
Girl, you got the keys to my heart.
Girl, you have given my Lil Bro wings, are you ready to see it fly?
Girl, you make my balls on fire like some Mario fireballs.
Girl, you turn this little wiggler in my pants into bad Pokey.
Girl, your beauty had turned me into a Shy Guy.
I am as high as Super Mario, and I can show you a great time.
I am going to put all of me in you girl.
I am good at fitting into tight spots, would you want a test?
I am Super Horny for you.
I could Boo you from behind all night long.
I could enter so many pipes in the room, but I am choosing you girl.
I could play Princess Peach for hours.
I don't care what color you are, I could hop on you all the same just like Yoshi.
I don't just got a Koopa Troopa in my pants, girl it's straight out bowser in there.
I have traveled worlds, lived many lives, and collected many gold coins. Will you be with me?
I just popped a Super Star, I am gonna make you have a good time in the last 60 seconds.
I save woman all the time, and tonight I will save you.
I want to lower the flag on your pole.
I would love to make some Koopalings with you.
I would travel everywhere and find all secrets to be with you.
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi babe.
I'd run all over the map to catch a star like you.
I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
I'll enter into your pipe in a heartbeat.
It's me Mario! Are you my Peach?
Let's get to the next level girl, I am ready for the challenge. How about the level with the bed?
Let's hop on that rainbow road and enjoy the amazing ride.
Like Mario, I get super powers from ordinary items, want to see how I could make you feel amazing?
My passion for you is like the Lava in Bowser's Castle.
My princess is in this castle. And I am here to conquer it.
No matter what castle you are in, I will destroy all my enemies for you.
No matter what Mario levels you make, I will always complete them.
People call me the Doctor, Doctor Mario.
Press start to join and be my player 2 at Mushroom Kingdom.
So, how many coins will it take for you to sleep with me?
That's some nice pipe you got there. Mind if I go deep and see where that leads us?
Wanna come back to my castle and eat some mushrooms?
Want to know when people call me Super? Let me show you in bed girl.
Why do they call you Princess Peach? When all you got are melons.
You are more than my Galaxy, you are my Universe.
You are the hat to my Mario, I cannot live without you.
You are the powerup to me being Super Mario, you have made everything possible.
You can play Mario all night long and I could play you instead.
You have opened the doors to my heart.
Any world is a perfect world with you.
Are you for real? Or are you just my imagination coming to life.
Are you Roblox babe? Because you are powering my imagination.
Are you single in Roblox?
Babe, I won't just be powering your imagination, I will power your whole avatar.
Babe, my imagination is not the only thing you are powering.
Babe, my virtual bedroom is open for you any time.
Babe, you make any game and I will play.
Did you just say Roblox? Cause I could play that with you for hours.
Girl are you admin, because you have banned all the other girls in my world.
Girl it's destiny, out of millions of Roblox players we met.
Girl with me, we don't need no filters.
Girl, are you a game badge? Because you are totally worth every effort.
Girl, do you play Roblox?
Girl, I am going to make you Woah at my Roblox.
Girl, I love your avatar like I love you.
Girl, you are so beautiful that you have created so much room for imagination.
Girl, you have created my world.
Go out with me for Robux.
Has anyone told you that you look beautiful in your outfit?
Hey Baby what game are you playing in Roblox, I want to be there.
Hey, I never knew this game would be so much fun, until I met you here.
I am sorry, I should have come sooner to make the game better.
I used to buy Roblox gift cards, now I just straight charge my credit card.
I'll never let you be bored in any Roblox game ever.
Isn't this magical?
Let's drop everything and move to Bloxburg.
Mind if I blox at your crib tonight?
My private server is open for you any time.
Ready for some hot Roblox date?
So, how much robux would it cost for you to go out with me?
Think, build, create, and more.
Want to party? In my game?
What are you playing tonight?
What do you think about Robux? Lots of Robux.
What do you want girl? Your wish is my command.
Whatever you are joining at 6.
What's the code to your heart?
When it comes to Roblox, I am the master creator.
With me, the possibilities are endless.
You are always the VIP in my server.
You are my imagination coming true.
You coming with me?
You know, I think I'd rather join your server.
Are you a mushroom because you are so gorgeous.
Babe, I am ready to travel deep in your Sweet Sweet Canyon.
Babe, I want to bounce on top of you like the Trampoline Mushroom.
Babe, want to see how I could turbo dash you to the finish?
Boo, I want a piece of you.
Check out my golden Mario.
Could you swallow like the Chain Chomp?
Did you just use a Mega Mushroom or are you happy to see me?
Girl I got gold.
Girl I know how to work my kart, I can get in and out of any tight spots.
Girl I'll travel to the end of Rainbow Road with you, because you are a worthy treasure.
Girl, am I accelerating too fast for you?
Girl, I know how to Rocket Start you by pushing at the exact time.
Girl, I will eat you out like Potted Piranha Plants.
Girl, no matter where you are, you are always my number one, and my blue shell will find you.
Girl, you’re the only target I want like the Shine Sprite.
Girl, your beauty had struck lightning on me.
Hey babe, time for some POW action.
Hey babe, which ever path you want to take, we are going to the end.
Hey girl, these balloons are not the only things we are popping tonight.
I am maxed coins for you.
I am ready to use my Golden Mushroom, are you?
I am Super Horny for you.
I am usually good at Mario Kart, but babe I am falling for you with every turn I take.
I hope u enjoy looking at the stars at night... cause i'll send u flying up there w/my star.
I would like to exploit you like Grumble Volcano.
I would love to make you feel blown sky high like Bob-ombs.
I'll race around the world with you anytime.
I'm a real Shy Guy but do enjoy long walks on Peach Beach.
Let's make our bedroom game more fun with these Mystery Boxes.
Let's race, I promise I'll take you to the finish first.
Let's recreate that orgasmic finishing like the Bullet Bill item.
Mushroom, flower, star, or special? The only cup I want is your cup.
My love for you is like the Mario Circuit, it's always there.
No lava in Bowser's Castle is going to stop me from getting to you.
No obstacle is going to stop me from reaching you.
One race with me and you'll find out why i'm called the Piranha Prowler.
Speed, acceleration, weight, handling, and traction, I got it all in bed. Want a test drive?
Time to whip out my banana.
Watch out babe, I am coming up behind with my Red Shells.
With you, I feel I have Star power. I am faster, stronger, and can penetrate through anything.
You can bounce on my pipe all you want.
Are you a Charizard? Cuz you're so hot you're on fire.
Are you cloud? Because you're my final fantasy.
Are you fox? Cuz you shine like the stars and set my heart on FIYAAAAH  multishine noises
Are you Kirby or Yoshi? Either way you swallow me whole.
Are you Kirby, you suck me good.
Ay girl, are you a Fox? 'Cuz you be Shinin'.
Babe, we don't need no training mode to get our smash on. Let's get down and have a great time.
Babe, your physical attacks are no match for my magical stick.
Baby you are top tier.
Baby, you make me feel like little mac; I've fallen for you, and I can't recover.
Being good at smash bro, is all about timing and positioning, with that, I learned how to smash good in bed too.
Call me Yoshi, cause I could tongue you, butt smash you, and reach for your eggs.
Can I call you Diddy Kong? Cuz you drive me bananas!
Can I call you Palutena? Cuz you're a goddess.
Can I call you Sonic? Cuz you make my heart race.
Can I call you Wario? Cuz you- wait, no, that would be insulting.
Can I Squirtle on your Pikachu?
Can I super smash you with my bros?
Did you just get hit by PK fire? Cause you are flamin'.
Did you know that love only hurts because Team Attack is on?
Did you know that this move extends, babe?
Do you prefer the perfect shield protection or the perfect dodge pull out?
Do you smash bros? I am a bro.
Do you want to rest together?
Falcon Dive into that pussy.
Forget about grinding for Spirit Points in Smash Bro, time to grind for Sex Points.
Girl are you peach? Your side B move is destroying me.
Girl you are my legendary spirit.
Girl you complete me and fill up all of the slots of my primary spirit.
Girl you must have so many people wanting you, well, consider a new fighter joins the battle today!
Girl, my sword gets stronger the closer you are to me
Girl, you ain't just another trophy in my collection.
Girl, you are my Final Destination.
Girl, you are no match for this Master Hand.
Girl, you make the Solid Snake in my pants grow bigger than Ridley eating a Super Mushroom.
Girl, you won't be able to air dodge this.
Guess why they call me master hand, it's time to take off the glove.
Help me out this sweet super smash move, and see how far I could knock you up.
Hey babe, I'll charge my smash as long as possible to take you to heaven.
Hey baby, are you Geno? Because you’re not confirmed but I want you bad.
Hey baby, I play smash bros, and was just wondering if I could be the armored suit to your Samus
Hey baby, lets climb a mountain together and You could be my Nana and I could be Popo!
Hey darling, I think you're just smashing!
Hey girl, are you a Isabella main? I would love to do you doggie style.
Hey girl, I know you want my Ridley.
Hey girl, I'm electrifying, Pikachu told me so!
Hey girl, wanna Rest together? Don't worry, I'll find that small hitbox and the knockback will be outta this world!
Hey girl, you a Fox main? Because your straight up shining.
Hey girls, let me test out my up attack versus your down smashes.
Hey, are you Roy? Because you're firing up my heart.
Hey, get in your zero suit and I'll F.L.U.D.D. your Jigglypuff.
I am falling deep for you.
I am going to make you come hard out of the world.
I am Megaman, I put on different armors and I know how to use my weapons.
I am playing single player smash now, but feel free to join me anytime.
I can be the perfect Dedede king of your Dreamland
I can teach you some of my advanced techniques.
I could toss and grab you all night long.
I don't care for free for all orgy, all I want is 1 vs 1 action with you.
I don't want anyone else except you, you are my Ultimate.
I hate to juggle, but I sure love to snuggle.
I only need one tipper to get started
I PK Love you!
I smash bros with joysticks, I smash my hoes with my sweet loving sticks.
I want to be in your pits.
I will make you cum out to the world with my Smash moves.
I work best with the tip of my sword.
I would love to pump you all night long.
I’m going to break your limits and show you a good time.
I’m going to die tomorrow, you want to be my final smash?
I'd don't even need to use PK Fire, you're already hot.
If I let you mess me up in smash, would you let me mess you up in bed?
If I was Corrin, I'd choose to be with you.
If I was Mario, would you be my Peach?
If I was Ness, you'd be my Paula cuz you've got the pk fire and I think you're pk rockin.
If I was olimar and you were a pikmin, I'd pick you first.
If we time our smashes just right, we could go off at the same time.
If we were fire emblem characters, I would definitely want to get that support conversation to S rank.
if you ask to be with mii, I'll be with U.
If you could be Zelda, and I could be your Link hero of time.
If you were a character on Smash roster, I'd choose you.
If you were peach, I wouldn't blame bowser for always wanting to kidnap you.
If you were Wii fit trainer, I think Wii would work out.
I'll break that shield you got down.
I'll explore every part of you to get to those rewards.
I'll Peek at You.
I'll show you what I can do with the tip of my sword.
I'm falling for you over the ledge.
Is that a beam sword in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a missile in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"
Is your heart ready for a new challenger?
Let me have one grab and i'll drop zone you to heaven
Let me quickly filling up your FS Meter, so you could fully enjoy that strong Final Smash experience.
Let's get to my place to continue this combo.
Let's get to Smash quick play.
Let's just say I know all the techniques to hit all your sensitive spots and controls.
Let's Pound and then Rest.
Let's practice our hit boxes in person.
Let's try Meteor Smash into your bed?
Mario is Red, Sonic is Blue. Press start to join and you will be my player two.
Mind if I call you Lucas? Cuz I pk love you.
My reflector isn't the only thing that can come out in 1 frame
My shell is not the only thing with spikes on it. For her pleasure.
My single stock is going to outlast all of yours, want to try?
My smash roster is incomplete without you.
My tipper game is on point.
Once I strike you down, you won't want to get up from the intense pleasure.
Once you get a taste of my falcon punch, you will never want another bird.
People say Bayonetta has a nice ass, but I like yours better.
Prepare yourself, In bed.
Ready for some smash action tonight?
Show me ya boobs!
Show me your moves, I'll show you mine.
Sleep with me, it'll be explosive.
Sleep with the kid 😉
Smash bro online or on the bed?
Some call me donkey kong cause i will pound you with my massive dong.
Stop taunting me with your beauty.
These fingers can do more than wave dash
Time to grab and roll.
Wanna know what's longer than Marth's tipper?
Wanna see if my ridley is too big for your smash?
Wanna see my Solid Snake game?
Wanna Smash all night long?
Want to get intimate with some personal melee actions?
Want to get physically fit together?
Want to see how well I play with "King Dedede?"
Want to Smash and Chill?
We'd make a great matchup. I'd take you to Dream Land every time.
Whenever I'm with you, Kirby isn't the only one living in Dreamland.
Where we are going, we will do it raw without any items.
With you, my path is always clear.
You and me, pick any random stage and we will smash it good.
You and Me. Final Destination.
You are my Dreamland.
You are my World of Light.
You are purely smashing.
You are totally my type, I am absolutely weak against you.
You can call me Roy- I just wanna be your boy.
You got me at 300%.
You got your tilt attacks, and I got my tilt D moves.
You must be a Falco because you stunned me from the moment I walked into the room.
You must be Kirby, suck me now and make my powers yours.
You must have just landed a Rest because you blow me away.
You remind me of Samus; I love what I see, but I wanna know what's underneath.
Your beauty has broken every last bit of my shield and stunned me.
Your passion had totally hit me and blown me away.
You're just like King Dedede, you're already perfect and don't need to copy anyone else.
You're just like Pit - you're an angel.
You're the Luma to my Rosalina - together we're great, but without you I'm hopeless.
You've got my heart beating at the speed of multishine.
You've got my mind and soul at the first strike.
Ah. So your Kulve Tarroth. Everyone loves grinding you.
And on the 15th day, Shah Dalamadur created dat ass.
And the best one I saw elsewhere
Are you a Great Jagras? Cause I’d let you eat me.
Are you a Greatsword main? 'Cause you time your hits just right.
Are you a Rathian? Because I would love to hammer pound your face!
Are you a Silver Rathalos, cause you're harder than ever!
Are you a wing? Because my insect glaive just got some white essence from you.
Are you an Uraagan? Because Uraagan scute.
Are you flash bomb? Because your beauty is blinding
Are you Kulve Taroth because you look pretty horny and I wanna knock your clothes off
Are you lost with the lump of meat quest? I know where to get em.
Are you new to Monster Hunter? Let me teach you how to mount in person.
Aye baby gurrl you sure you only got evade extender? Cuz thats not the only thing you extending right now.
Babe I'll let you farm my horn all night long.
Babe I'm no Brachydios, but I'll still pound you for 50 minutes straight
Babe you are so hot you auto upgrade my weapons.
Babe, I believe I have strong affinity against your pussy. Let's test it out.
Babe, I'm no Brachydios, but after I pound you, you'll be coated in my slime.
Boy, are you a Deviljho? 'Cause that's one big pickle.
Call me Steve, baby- slick, sharp, and covered in gold.
Call me the Tigrex, cause I'm not slowing down till you finish me off.
Can you be the Seltas to my Seltas Queen? Because I'll pound you then eat you out.
Dalama-don't want none unless you got buns, hun.
Damn girl, I'll need High Grade Earplugs if we keep that up.
Damn, the way you swing that sword really knocks me back
Do it like Baruragaru, baby- suck me dry.
Do it like Nerscylla, baby- tie me up and keep on stingin'.
Do me like a Tigrex, baby, and I'll be screamin' all night long.
Do me like the Dunes, baby- hot and heavy by day, calm and cool by night.
Do you know how to imitate Diablos? Good, I’ll have you screaming like one
Do you prefer Great Sword or Long Sword? Mine is both Great and Long.
Do you prefer magjestic horn, twisted horn, or spiral horn?
Does your felyne have stamina fortitude?
Don’t worry, I won’t blythe.
Don't sharpen, i like the way you bounce.
Ever wonder what a baby dalamdur looks like?
Ey girl, are you a Brachydios? Because you got me blasting all night.
Girl are you into Monster Hunter? Let's grind together all night long.
Girl, are you a Fatalis? 'Cause only legend spoke of a rack so fine.
Girl, are you a Gypceros? 'Cause you got me seein' stars.
Girl, are you a Melynx? 'Cause I want my shit back.
Girl, are you a Najarala? 'Cause those lips made my heart skip a beat!
Girl, are you a Plesioth? Cause those hips are unreal.
Girl, are you a Rangurotura? 'Cause very time I slide out, you pull me right back in.
Got a paintball? I don’t wanna lose you
Got any extra slots in that armor of yours?
Hey babe, want to see how far we could get being naked without gears?
Hey baby, do you main the hammer? Then let's go back to my place, I promise I'll let you smash the head.
Hey girl, you are the sparkling gem that I have been farming for.
Hey girl, you charge my blade.
Hey, you free tonight? Wanna come to my place and check out my hard bone horn?
How many honeys you got?
I am falling in deep into your pitfall traps.
I could kiss you uragaan and again
I do it like 140 Garuga, baby- you won't last 5 minutes.
I do it like Chameleos, baby- you'll never know what's gonna happen next.
I do it like Ukanlos, baby- once I go down on ya, I don't ever come out.
I guess I've equipped the Insect Glaive, 'cos I wanna mount you!
I heard you had a Skyscraper, boy- how 'bout I stroke it with my W[h]etstone, hmm?
I hope you like diablos, cause I’ll be coming at you from the land down under
I hope you like hermitaur, I’ll make you squirt like one.
I hope you like Rajang, cause I’ll be swootin fo dat booty
I hope you slotted tenderizer for my raw meat
I kept my weapon sharp for tonight? Want to test the damage?
I love Monster Hunter, and tonight I am on a hunt for your lady parts.
I may just have one weapon type, but I know how to use it.
I must have worn a +20 fate set when I met you
I never thought id be lucky enough tomeet a Kirin. Graceful. Stunning. And i think i sense some sparks between us.
I think my longsword just went demon mode
I think something's wrong with my targetted camera, cause I can't take my eyes of you
I think you have a -10 guard talisman, cause you let your guard down around me
I think you just charged up my phial
I use my dick like a dual blade.
I want to mount you like a Frenchman with an insect glaive.
i'd like to get savage with jho
If I was a Seltas, you'd be my Queen <3>
I'll be your Rathalos if you'll be my Rathian
Ill let you go Glaive any day if you'll mount me 😉
I'm a Charge Axe main, baby. I might be new at this, but I'll make you burst all over.
I'm a Hammer main, baby- nobody pounds it better than me.
I'm a Hunting Horn main- you're about to get buffs you'll never forget.
I'm a Lance main, baby- I'll hit all your weak spots, no matter how deep.
I'm an HBG main, baby- I'll do it faster than everybody else.
I'm an SnS main- cause it ain't the size of the ship in the sea, baby, but the motion of the ocean behind it.
I'm 'bout to go Apex on dat ass, baby.
I'm feeling kinda hornetaur, want to get jaggi with it?
I'm going to vigorously thrust you until explode climatically.
I'm gonna need some Steadfast Jewels, because you're stunning.
Are you a guild castle? I am breaking your emperium to make you mine.
Are you a Kafra? Because I see you everywhere I go.
Are you a novice? I'd love to help pop your virgin poring.
Are you an angel with a hammer? I am totally stunned by you.
Are you an assassin? I could take some sonic blow.
Are you cupid, because your arrows have shot my heart.
Are you full luck build, you will not perfect dodge me.
Are you immune to love magic? Cause you're Golden.
B> Girlfriend.
Be gentle with my hode.
Be my gypsy (clown) and we will create great love song.
Be my Isis and I will be your Osiris.
Be my Munak and I will be your Bongun.
Blessing and heals make me hard.
Can I drink your sweet potion.
Check out my falcon! It strikes whenever it feels your presence.
Come ride my peco peco.
Cute hat gears!
Did you use an Yggdrasil leaf? Because you have given me life.
Do you know soul breaker, you totally touches me both mentally and physically.
Do you need a stalker?
Face me with naked gears, and I will show you a good time.
Girl I will heaven drive you to ecstasy.
Girl you are so hot like Meteor Storm.
Girl You look Magnificat.
Girl you so refined.
Girl your blessing and heal turns me on.
I am your Orc Hero / Orc Lord if you would be my orc lady.
I can swing my rod 4 times per second at capped ASPD, want to try how it feels?
I can totally pierce you with my very very strong lance.
I feel Adrenaline Rush when you are around.
I have totally fallen for you, when your soul striked mine.
I promise I won't be an Asura one shot wonder.
I wish I was your Homunculus, so you could summon me anytime.
It is love at first Sight.
It's fate that I have fly winged on you.
Let's Ragnarok all night long.
Marry me and we will make babies!
My falcon ignores armor defense, want to test out its damage?
My love for you is unbreakable and maxed refined.
Size is not an issue, I got weapon perfection.
Take off your shirt and I shall become the Greatest General.
Want a taste of my steel body build?
Want EXP? I got some mobs you could leech, in my pants.
Want to do some PvP? In bed.
Want to see my refined gears?
Where we are going, we don't need no safety wall.
Why do you have so high flee? Because I sure missed you.
With you I could endure anything.
You are my one and only MVP.
You are so shiny I came out of my hide status.
You have memoed my heart.
You have my total devotion.
You have trapped my soul.
You must have high ASPD, because you have stun locked me.
You must know Lex Divina, because I have been totally silenced by your cuteness.
Your beauty Bapho Met.
Your gears could use some sweet slotting.
You're a good dancer, how about a Gypsy's Kiss?
Default dance repeatedly'
Are you a Loot Pinata? Cause I can smack you all night long.
Are you an ATK? Because I want to get inside you
Are you purple save cause I’m checking you out.
Call me cupid Cause I Just landed a crossbow shot to your heart.
Can i be your victory royale?
Can I chug on your jugs?
Can I explore your chest?
Can I hide in your bush?
Can I see your chug jugs
Come ride my big rocket and have a good time.
Did you come from the lodge? Because I wouldn't make you lonely.
Did you come from Tilted Towers? because I would Tilt you over!
Do you play Fortnite, I want you in my fort tonight
Do you wanna see my tilted tower
Do you want to be lonely like lonely lodge or all action like tilted towers
Fancy some pump action?
Get in my ATK.
Girl are you a legendary?
Girl are you a Scar? You are Golden.
Girl are you a supply drop? You are an angel that fell from the sky and saved me.
Girl are you victory royal? You are my only one out of 100.
Hey babe, want me to grease up your grove tonight?
Hey girl wanna play doubles?
How many bucks to see your V
I am no grappler but I could still reel you in.
I can explore your shifty with my clocktower.
I just survived Titled Towers, so I'm totally looted up right now.
I love you by Default!
I promise I ain't no double-pump chump.
I wanna jump in your rift and show you a whole new world.
I want my shifty shaft to visit your moisty mire 
I want to land on you baby.
I would drop my gold scar for you.
I would love to harvest your materials.
I’ll show you how to have fun in pleasant park
I’m gonna take u to pleasant park and shove my shifty shaft inside your dusty depot.
I'd jump off a floating bus for you. 
If we were the last 2 people on earth, I'd throw a boogie bomb down so we can dance together forever.
If you are a default, I will carry you all night long.
If you were a chest, I would loot you. 
If your legs were a chest I'd open you right up
Ill be the meteor to your Tilted Towers
I'll make you wet like a shield potion if you go out with me.
Is your name Mire? Because I'm making you Moisty. 
Let's spend the night in my fort and have a pleasant time.
My health is low and I have no shield and no weapon. The only cure is for me to chug on those jugs of yours and for you to give me a little pump action.
My health is low and I have no shield and no weapon. The only cure is for me to chug on those jugs of yours.
my lodge is lonely without you.
My mats is all wood for you.
My towers tilt for you.
No shockwave grenade is going to keeps you away from me.
Once I’m done with you, you’re gonna need to abortnite.
The only solo win I desire is You.
Time to get some pump action.
Wanna feel my shifty shaft? 
Want me to Grease up your Grove tonight? 
Want to check out my pickaxe?
Want to Fortnite and Chill?
Would You like to rocket ride me?
You are as fine as a gold scar.
You are as rare as a purple RPG from a chest.
You ever been sprayed by a mini gun?
You got a jump pad? Cause I’ll jump right over to you.
You have built into my heart.
You just won the battle royal to my heart.
You turned my pants into a Moisty Mire.
You won my heart.
You'll be wailing at my woods.
Your chest is legendary.
Hey girl do you play Fortnite.
I got a bazooka in my pants and it's legendary.
I’ll be your duo queue tonight.
Are you an AD carry? Because I'm fired up and ready to serve.
Are you Cassiopeia? Because when I stare at you I get hard.
Are you Orianna? Because you can play with my balls.
Can I invade your jungle?
Can I put my doran blade in your doran ring?
Can I tap your dark spheres?
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, I'd have to call Sherif Caitlyn because you're guilty as charged.
Did I mention its mating season?
Do you main Ahri? Because I find you charming.
Even if you were Singed I would still chase after you.
Fear not im coming.
For only $2.95 a minute I will leave you breathless.
Girl you turn my blasting wand into a needlessly large rod.
Girl you're like draven - spinning me around town.
Girl, are you Irelia? Because I want to nerf you so hard.
Girl, are you Nunu? Because on a scale of one to ten, you're an ABSOLUTE ZERO.
Girl, is your name Ashe? Because your beauty stunned me from a distance!
Girl, your body is OP.
Hello dere.
Hey babe, lemme destroy your inhibitor.
Hey babe. I bought the double penetration runes.
Hey baby is your name Taric because you stunned me from a mile away.
Hey baby, I'm always on duty.
Hey girl, wanna come back to my base and check out my Needlessly Large Rod?
Hey girl, you must be Ahri because you charmed me over here.
I wish I'd worn my Mercury's Treads, because you just stunned me.
I'd like to put my mushroom in your bush.
I'm not sorry that I left my fuzzy cuffs at home
If you were a Tidecaller I'd be your blessing.
If you're Nannie I'll be your tribbers.
Is your father Ziggs? Because you are a bomb.
Is your name Janna? Because you blow me away.
Is your name yorick? Because Evanescence isn't the only one who brings me to life
It's not fun unless you run.
Lemme show you a double rainbow.
Once you go Demacian you never go back, I Garen - tee it.
Wanna fiddle my stick?
Wanna know why me roger's all jolly?
Wanna solo my Baron?
Will you be the Ezreal to my Taric
You know, if Ezreal saw you, he'd need a map. He'd get lost in your eyes.
You make me feel like cho. I just want to feast in your bush.
You must be used to stealing souls, because you're fully stacked.
Your name must be Sona, because you just made me Crescendo.
Are you a color bomb? Because you are electric.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you Tiffi? Because you are so sweet.
Are you wrapped candy? Because you are the bomb.
Be my candy crush.
Be my friend, so we can go on adventure in the Candy Kingdom side by side.
Did somebody say candy crush saga?
I can make you come with out extra moves.
I give extra lives.
I love you more than I love boosters.
I miss you like the Meringues. It can only be removed with you next to me.
I want to cover you all up like the Chocolate Spawners.
I want to crush your candy.
I want you more than a Bubblegum Troll wants candies.
If I had boosters, I'd spend them on you.
If you were a cherry, I'd bring you down
If your clothes were jelly, I'd clear them all.
Is that a Lollipop Hammer in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is your name Freckles? Because you are the bomb.
Jelly Beans are red, Lollipop Heads are blue, I will fill you with my candies when I am through.
Let me unwrap you.
My candy crush saga would be as sour without you.
My love for you is like Chocolate Spawners – just keep on loving.
My love for you is like tickets. I just keep requesting until you give it to me.
Some guys are boyfriend material. I'm made of candy material – sugar.
They don't call me a Candy King for no reason.
Will you be my wrapped candy so I can unwrap you?
You are my lucky candy.
You are three star.
You excite me like the timed level.
You must be a Liquorice Locks cage, because I am immobilized.
You must be candy crush saga, because I honestly had no idea that you would be so important to me when we first met.
You must be sweet, because you are certainly eye candy.
Are you a healer? Because girl you angelic
Are you a hidden tesla? Because you are electric.
Are you a level 3 warrior? Because I'll let you raid my village.
Are you an inferno tower? Because you are on fire!
Are you Freeze Spell? Because I'm defenseless.
Did somebody say hog rider?
Do you have a clan? Do you want one?
I have a room for you in my townhall. Want to see it?
I heard you are a good hog rider, wanna demonstrate?
I want you more than a goblin wants gold.
I'd hold you as tight as I hold my DE.
I'm tripping over you like a spring trap.
If I had gems, I'd spend them on you.
If you were a D.E. drill, I'd tap you every chance I got.
If you were a dark elixir storage, I'd zap you first.
If you were a town hall on a farming base, I'd snipe you first.
Join my clan so I know that it's real.
Let me be your friend. We can share replays for the laughter.
My barbarian king levels up every time I see you.
My castle is accessible for you anytime.
My life would be as pointless as a level 1 bomb without you.
My love for you is like a clan castle. I just keep requesting until you give it to me.
My love for you is like the inferno tower with flames burning.
Our love is as deep as the tunnel system underneath the builders' huts.
Our love is as wide as a crossbow's range when set to ground targets.
Roses are red, violets are blue, your troops will be dead when I am through.
Some guys are boyfriend material. I'm made of wall material.
Something is rising, but it ain't my dragons.
They don't call me a Barbarian King for no reason.
Want to see my CoC?
We make sparks fly like a tesla shooting a pekka.
What's your village's name so I know where to find you?
Will you be my archer queen?
Without you I feel as weak as a level 1 wall
You are a three star.
You are the wind beneath my (Insert flying troop)'s wings.
You can have me for $4.99.
You must be a collector base, because you are giving me a raging erection.
You must be a hidden tesla, because I will search until I find you.
You must be coc, because I honestly had no idea that you would be so important to me when we first met.
Your eyes shine like a level 4 dragon's.
Are you Angry Birds? Because I will steal your egg so you can come after me.
Are you Bubbles? Because I can't hide my sweets from you.
Are you Chuck? Because you are fast and furious.
Are you Matilda? Because I love your big heart.
Are you Red? Because I love your unibrow.
Are you Stella? Because you are the sweetest.
Are you the Blues? Because good things come in three – me, myself, and you.
Birds are never angry after I've played with them.
I can make it with one shot.
I don't even care if you're not a green pig, I'd still smash you.
I will rescue you from the King Pig in the Piggy Island.
I will show you my special moves.
I'm an angry bird, but I feel happy when I'm with you.
I'm an eggcellent lover.
I'm hungry for you like the green pigs over the eggs.
I'm so full of love I could explode.
I'm the BOMB!
If you are an egg, you make me greedy like the King Pig and want you all to myself.
Is that a slingshot in your pocket or are you excited to see me?
Let's be lovebirds.
My aim is so precise that when I knock on your door - I'll blow you away.
My aim may not be very good, but I will keep trying until I get it in there.
No fortress can stop me from getting to you
Red are red, the Blues are blue, you're one Angry Bird, which is why I dig you.
Wanna come over to check out my slingshot?
Why should I play with angry birds when I have you?
Will you be my green pig? Because I just wanna smash into you.
You are addictive like the Angry Birds game.
You are more precious than the eggs.
You are one bad piggy.
You are the TNT.
You knock me out!
You know what else is BIG like Terence?
You must be an angry bird? Because you are awfully cute when you are angry.
Are you a block of dirt? Because I dig you.
Are you a chest? Because I've got a lot to put in you.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode
Are you a diamond pickaxe? Because I'm harder than obsidian
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I could put a saddle on u and ride u all night.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Are you a pumpkin? Because enderman loves you.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you're activating my sticky piston
Are you a skeleton? Because your so thin
Are you a slimeball? Because you make my piston sticky
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
Are you a Witch? Because I'm under your spell
Are you an enderman? Because I wanna look at your eyes
Are you bone meal? Because you make my wood grow!
Are you diamond armor? Because im into you!
Are you glowstone baby? Because you light up my world!
Are you Gravel? Because im falling for you!
Are you Steve? Because you're so cute
Are you the End? Because you're out of this world!
Are you the nether? Because your hot
Baby youre my mob grinder!
Baby, I'm a creeper and you're the moon. I'm gonna cry, because you're gonna leave me soon.
Can I tame you and ride your forever?
Did i mention youre looking opti-FINE tonight.
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
Do you want to come over and play some Minecraft on Saturday night?
Girl are you obsidian? Because I heard you like it hard
Hey baby, let's go to my house and change your spawn location.
Hey baby, wanna come back to my base and let me explode my creeper in your mine tunnel?
Hey Girl! Are u a tree farm? Because every time I see you I get wood.
Hey, baby. Let's make like a couple of NPCs on the set of Minecraft Monster's, Inc.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a crazy old man.
I am not a professional miner, but I can make your bed-rock
I know I'm not an Endermen but I just want to pick you up and take you away with me.
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I will do all the digging; you just sit back and relax.
I will let you chop my wood with your mouth
I will need a pickaxe to dig the diamond out of your eyes.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I'm a pig… You've got a saddle… What are we waiting for?
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun.. You light me on fire.
I'm like TNT… Touch me and I go boom.
If I was a creeper, I'd go to your bedroom and explode all over you.
If you are an enderdragon, can I take care for your egg
If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Let's entered the love mode and breed.
Let's explore new territory together!
Lets go back to my place , I will show you my biome.
MY FACE IS UP HERE! But my diamond sword is down here
My love for you is like the creeper. I will chase you down until I explode.
No I'm not dirt. I'm gravel, because I'm falling for you.
Redstone is red, Lapis is blue. I would sacrifice my diamonds just to be with you.
Speaking of pistons are you a slime ball cause you're making my piston sticky.
Want me to touch your fuel rod?
Whats up girl wanna go strip mining?
When I saw you, my Sapling grew!
Why dont you take off that armor and lets see what your skin looks like.
Will you go on a date with me? Come over to my place, I will prepare a feast of roasted pork and golden apples.
You are about to make my creeper explode!
You have beautiful skin.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
You must be a torch, because you light up my cave.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be made of bonemeal, because baby you make me grow 10 feet tall
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
Are you a Hitmonlee? Because your body is kickin'.
Are you a Pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Are you a RARE CANDY? Because I feel a level-up.
Are you from the Hoenn Region? Because you're the only HO I see.
Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
Care to take a Rhydon my Lapras til you Squirtle over me?
Damn girl, I think I need a Parlyz Heal, Because you're stunning.
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
Do you wanna battle? Because my balls are at the ready!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Hey baby, wanna SPOINK?
Hey girl! Are you a Pokemon? Because I wan tot have a peek-at-chu.
Hey, baby, my squirtle knows water gun.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
How about you come and see my safari zone.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
I bought you an everstone, because I love you just the way you are.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
I will be your Pokemon if you let me Pikachu.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you.
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake (TM 27).
I've got Masterballs baby.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
If I were a Clefairy, I"d DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat ass.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category.
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a TANGELA down there?
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
Let's make RegiLove!
Lets make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
My Exeggcute are pretty weak. Let's battle so they can get some experience.
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
STD’s are like Pokemon baby, gotta catch ‘em all! Wanna help me out?
The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
Want to Link your cable onto me?
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
You give my Gengar that smile.
You just gave me a Cubone.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You make my bulba sore.
You make my Darkrai rise.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP!
You might need to catch them all, but all I need to catch is you.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
You put the "BONE" in Cubone.
You put the "cool" in Tentacool.
You put the "Double-D" in Dodou.
You put the "Wiggle" in Wigglytuff.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Hey baby, you wanna see my hidden blade?
Like Ezio, I'm great from behind and above
Flash Man must be nearby because when I saw you time stopped.
Are you Donkey Kong? Because I want to Super Smash.
I'd jump over a thousand barrels to save you.
Hay baby, can my patrol enter your Hidden Vally?
Hey, you wanna rig my shotgun?
wanna mod my Gauss Rifle?
Baby, do you need a phoenix down? Because you're drop dead gorgeous!
Baby, I'm going to have to summon Shiva, because you're just too hot!
Baby, I'm gonna take you all around the world… in my flying airship. No doubt built by Cid.
Baby, you look beautiful and pure, just like Aeris.
Cloud: My hair's not the only thing that's pointy right now!
Get down with me, baby, and I'll make you have a Limit Break all night long.
Guess what you and Ifirit have in common?
Hey baby, do you prefer turn based or atb?
Hey, I got a bronze bed you can use for a quest. It's in my mog house, let's go get it.
I know my way around the cleft of dimension, want me to show you?
I lost my linkshell, can I have yours?
I've got a full set of leather equips back at my Mog House
If I were Cloud and you were Tifa, I'd be glad aeris died.
Let's breed chocobos… the old-fashioned way!
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Wanna go chocobo riding together?
Will you be my final fantasy?
You are my final fantasy.
You must be an aeon, because you answered my call and dropped down from heaven. Plus you smell like Bahamut.
You should audition for the next final fantasy! You're already one for me.
Zidane: You wanna see something my tail can do?
All I have to do is press "X" to pick up a weapon. Does that work for picking you up as well?
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
Are you using hacks? Cause as soon as you joined this lobby I got a hardened perk.
Care to come over for my house for a little co-op?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I rejoin this lobby?
Do you like my long barrel?
Even if you were wearing a ghillie suit, you'd still be the most beautiful girl here.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Getting this tactical nuke was the hardest thing I've ever done. I hope getting your phone number won't be as difficult.
Girl, you should never pick up a ballistic vest - it would be a shame to cover up your two best attachments.
How 'bout we meet at Underpass and I'll Tactically insert you.
How many COD points does it take to unlock you?
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
I use Full Metal Jacket for deeper penetration.
I would run around the world for you... without lightweight.
I'd catch a grenade for you... it's ok, I've got FlakJacket pro!
If you were a map pack, I'd download you.
Let me know when you're close, so I can use my blast shield. It was a mess last time.
Sticky going out! Sorry, you're just that hot!
That's not an m60 in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
The odds of meeting a girl as amazing as you, are the same as the odds of hitting a no-scope shot from across the map.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
Watch out girl, my predator missile is coming at you from behind!
What class are you using? Because when I press select, you're at the top of my list.
You gave me hardened pro in just 6 seconds.
You just made me shoot a MOAB in my pants.
You're so hot, you warm my cold-blooded heart.
How 'bout coming back to my place and helping me work on my next montage - it won't be a Call of Duty one this time.
You play call of Duty? 'Cause I'm search and destroy that ass.
Are you a Wii? Because I love your joystick
Are you Alienware? Because you are out of this world
I want to wear you like a Razer headset
I'm like an Xbox; I can go 360 all night long
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
I think something's wrong with my auto-aim, because I can't take my eyes off you.
I usually press "X" to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
Are you a vault hunter, because you've got a loot chest that I want to open.
Don't worry babe, I'm a gamer, so you can trust me to be good with my fingers.
I can keep going all night, i have auto-refresh!
I need an extra heart. Can I have yours?
I need experience points. Will you help?
I took an arrow to the knee! From cupid, after seeing you.
I'd raid your dungeon.
I'll never skip the cutscenes of your conversation
I'll slam you against the wall like my controller
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
I'm on a quest for your heart
I've got one heart left and it's beeping for you.
It's dangerous to go alone! Here, take this! (Hold their hand)
My K/D ratio is flawless, but I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Nice skirt you're wearing, what's the drop rate?
Sit on my lap and watch me "level up."
Wanna take a side quest… to the bedroom?
Will you be my player two?
Would you like to form an alliance?
You have the key to my chest, inside is my heart
You must be lava, you're so hot and I can't help falling in you
You're like a cutscene – beautiful at first but then you never shut up.
Your body is like an open world, I never want to stop exploring
Your daddy must've been a level 40 thief with special ninja gloves because he stole the stars and put them in your eyes.
Your heart is like a dungeon; large and full of treasure
Is your heart a Simeon vehicle? Because I want to steal it and have people chase me for it
Looking at you makes me feel like Gordon Freeman...speechless.
(eyeing the breast plate) I am a master dual wielder. Mind if I give those a go?
Are we playing Assault? Cause I'm pretty sure you are the bomb.
Are you a planet? Because I can see your Halo
Are you impressed with how I handle my sniper? You should see what I can do with the weapon I pack under my armor.
Do you need a Magnum because I've got one right here for you. In my pants.
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
I think something's wrong with my auto-aim, because I can't take my eyes off you.
I usually press "X" to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
I was following the indicator of where to score and it brought me to you.
I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear?
I'm like a plasma grenade. Let me get on you and you are guaranteed to explode.
What do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
When I came near you, the announcer said "unfreakinbelievable"... I would have to agree.
You wanna ride on my 'hog?
Are you my somebody? 'Cause I'd like to become one with you.
Baby, did you just cast aeroga? Because you swept me off my feet.
Baby, did you just cast blizzaga? Because time froze when I met you!
Baby, did you just cast firaga? Because you set my heart aflame!
Baby, did you just cast graviga? Because you are out of this world!
Baby, did you just cast thundaga? Because you are electrifying!
Baby, not even Namine could erase my memories of you.
Did you just cast stopga? Because my heart just skipped a beat when I saw you.
Girl, I'd share a paopu with you any day.
Girl, is your name Roxas? Because you're rocking that ass.
I can unlock your Wonderland.
I have never found true love, until you opened the Kingdom to my Heart.
I think you might be a heartless because you just stole my heart.
I'll make sure the Road to Dawn is a loud one.
I'll put my keyblade in your keyhole.
Is that a keyblade in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Without you, I feel like I'm in a world that never was.
Call me Kirby, 'cause I'm talking you to Dreamland.
Once you go Demacian you never go back, I Garen – tee it.
Shall we go to your safehouse or mine?
Are you a Deku Nut? Because you're stunning me.
Are you a part of the Triforce? Because you're my missing Link.
Are you wearing the Pegasus Boots? Because you've been running though my mind all day.
Baby, I've been Z-targeting you all night.
Do you have the Mirror Shield? Because I can really see myself in your tunic.
Hey baby, can I buy you a potion?
How 'bout you come back to my place and I show you my Longshot
I better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I must have defeated a boss, because I just found a heart container.
I wanna make you wetter than the Zora Temple.
I'd better buy a bigger bag, because you are the BOMB!
I'd better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I'm gonna be Bigocto this time, and I'm gonna suck you up.
I'm not possessed by Majora's Mask, I'm just crazy for you.
I've got one heart left and its beeping for you.
Want to fuse Kinstones? I'd bet they fit perfectly.
What's a girl like you doing in a Forest Temple like this?
You are hotter than Din's fire.
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
You must be King Dodongo, because I really want to explode inside your mouth.
You should come back to my place. My master sword needs to be polished.
You're not 18 yet? No problem, I know the Song of Time.
You're the Zelda to my Link
You know what the difference is between ME3 and me? Play with me and the ending will be satisfying
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
If we lived in Minecraft, I'd build you a mansion out of nether quartz
If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be made of bonemeal, cause you make me grow 10 feet tall.
Are you Mortal Kombat? Your beauty has finished me
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because that ass is refreshing
Are you the patch notes? Because I can't get enough of you
Full character customization could never capture your beauty
Grind with me, but not the leveling kind
I can be your favorite legendary mount
Wat out... I just ate a big dot and I'm coming after you.
You give me pac-man fever. AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA!
It takes two to play Pong
It is said some lives are linked across time. Connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages. Destiny.
Not even the sands of time could pull us apart.
Can I show you how it feels to wear a Deadlock suit?
Excuse me but I think you could give me enough XP to upgrade my Blitz Cannon.
Are you a telo-eksplosija?? Because you're blowing up my mind
I'm not a zombie
Is that a Handcannon in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I want you to fus ro my dah
Girl, I've got a gold ring with your name on it.
Man, I feel like Sonic in the water, 'cause you've got breathless.
Are you related to Glass Joe? Because you're an easy Knockout!
Are you a magic feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
Are you a magic flower? Because you are burning me up.
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
For you I would travel all levels around the world.
I know how Mario must feel, 'cause I really want to clean your pipes.
I want to ride you harder than Mario rides Yoshi.
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi any day.
If I had the choice, I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
If Princess Toadstool looked anything like you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
My princess is in this castle.
Rose are #FF000; Violet are #0000FF; All my base are belong to you.
They don't call me Super for nothing.
Wanna play with my magic whistle?
You don't have to turn on a game to play with me.
You're the Princess Peach to my Mario
Mario is red, Sonic is blue. Why don't you hit select and be my player two?
Plumbers are Red; Hedgehogs are Blue; Press Start to join, and be my player Two.
You're the last Tetris piece I need
Are yer legs tired? Cause you been runnin' through China, Venice, a buncha gun-totin' side-steppin' goons, an' my mind all night.
Call me Lara Croft because I'm about to go Tomb Raiding.
Hey, Lara. Can I raid your tomb?
I've got an idea for a dig I think you'll be interested in...
Is it true what they say about British duchesses?
Lean close, put chyer lips to her shell-like ear, an' whisper the Nude Raider cheat codes.
Nice guns, but ya really should accept no substitutes.
So it's all about survival with you, huh? Wanna help the species survive?
There's a Himalayan idol somewhere in my pants.
Wanna see who's got the longer Dagger of Xian?
Want me to raid your tomb?
Whoa! Those pants make even yer butt look buff!
Are you a vendor, because I'd like to browse your goods.
Baby, being with me is like a Paladin casting Divine Shield. It'll last about 10 seconds and you won't feel a thing.
Can I raid your molten core?
Come on, girl... I have the blessing of protection!
Do ya wanna grind?
Do you feel it? And that just my aura.
Do you play World of Warcraft? Because you make me say WoW
Forget that rogue. As a Druid, I've got the strength AND the agility.
Have you ever procced flurry on a Gizmo-tron jackhammer?
Hey Girl, do ya wanna socket my gem?
Hunters do it from 41 yards away.
I have a libram of the Kama Sutra.
I'm no Kobald, but you can take my candle anytime!
I've heard that you are an Epic mount.
Looking for Group
My divine purpose is to please you.
My Heart is BOP and you just rolled Need
My staff can use a little enchant. I have mats and will tip!
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
Us druids are known for our longevity.
Wait till you see what my combo points can do in the bed room.
Wanna take my Swift Pink Hawkstrider for a ride?
Want to get hammered by justice?
Want to touch my Staff of Rampant Growth?
Warlocks are masters of shadow magic. That means we do it in the dark.
Why don't you seduce me? My resistance is low.
Yeah, that's right... I'm hung like a tauren.
You can summon my Imp!
You must be a Rogue because I was stunned when I first saw you.
You must be whitemane, because you just made my champion arise!
Your eyes are so blue, they remind me of 24 stam gems.
